Who is the Lauren that Jez has MU with? Secret, Guess who hahaha
Famous hahahaha
I may not be able to enroll in columban, shit where am I going study then hahaha 
Where is the place that sells 1 bag of brownie bites? Super delight once? Cause I don’t know
Hahahahaha It’s none of your business. Is it? 
New video! I miss vlogging hahaha !! Real Talk though, i find life in the countryside to be sad!
Godmother miss you too... Study well 
I wish I was beautiful, well I’m ugly
Can I chat you? Okay’ you initiate
If only not for my conscience i would have already absent, it’s hard to catch up, even though I am already used to it 
imitator
why is Pure Gold green?
hey bitch, your talk shit, flaker, you made plans but doesnt show up for it. Ok i bet your a friend because your openminded and a good listener and most of all your fun to be with and I could say that your are one of many that made my grade 9 life a memorable one!! love you, take care always!!
In real life, Sarah is destined to be for Mateo. Hahaha. But caused by the mystical powers of Kambat, Sarah is now destined for Iking
Who is your bf? The is so many. Who your bf from them?
still cute even though naive
I’m so dark. Hahaha
what do you say, my eyebrows may be think but you full of ego?
y’all mother’s a whore 
hehehe I will
What to expect? I might go to Going Bulilit well good luck
Gosh I said I have a new crush... well my former crush posted a new picture, i crush him again
Ok. I will book it
hahaha it’s bacause it is now a POSTE !! before it was Machete !!
Nice, “Let it be” by Vivoree featuring CK
Are you going to stary summer training? It was postpone to monday cause i was not permitted to. Something about health. Sorry, good luck to those who are going
OK, Sister Jennie positioned to the center.
Someone defecate there. Silly
My Edward is really good at acting !! "YOU HAVE NO HEART, MATEO"
In all honesty, I want to create a school for the arts
Yes, Am I the one who is strong willed, I too don’t want to attend. Hahaha
The type person who almost destroy a punching bag? Hahaha you make me laugh, if only it was allowed to destroy a punching bag why is it not unlimited per session 
Before, You were part of my future. But now, I think I need to change my plan 
i didn’t know the resort was that beautiful, okay lets go there, are you game?
M Andri Gunawan Syam (Mags News 05) Time: April 21, 2019 at 06:47 PM
no one: missy: * laughing alone when reciting *
Favority mutuals? I’m from Gio uncle
Mother whore hahaha 
I'm famous baby
haha when is it, lets go again
Hehe
Hello
Asshole what’s this ?? HAHAHAHA
Don t worry you still ahead of me heheh
“Sister Yna is it okay that I will be your boyfriend so that you wont be crying and sad. The case is, it is still prohibited for me to have a girlfriend so let’s keep it a secret till then” ain’t kids the sweetest?
Happiness is not a destination, it is a way of life
Am a supposed to be flustered?
hmmm hahaha I danced with many people. Who are you supposed to be? Hahaha Just Kidding you don’t know how to dance
hahaha your mad are you sure?
Reject hahaha
first of all I don’t want to depart and go somewhere and stay for days then being said that I only have an HOUR left to prepare (Unless it’s a sleepover with friends) second of all there is no electricity and water there, wow this is good fellas
I’m only all about the memes
whore of a mother, why is it so unfair?? My day is ruined whore of a mother why is that
hahaha
Relax first before you become stressed in school
Iking is courageous
hahaha
Get a guy the will deliver to the album of mobile legends with you hahaha
I miss you more, yuck, stay safe there.. love love..
If you all are left for yourselves, take responsibility for it, you warned to stop many times, but did you? I really ask you to stay but you all left anyway. You all are troublesome. Regrets will always be in the end but stand on it because it's your decision."
Church that was targeted in Negombo is St. Sebastian's Church
The time where your tongue is burned by the hot coffee but you still continue to drink and eat, that’s how life is. Keep going!
Ayieee!!!
You all ask, you all ask
hahaha
Bro about CJ it’s a joke, he is always vague
04/21/2019 at 06;47 PM
My bias is so beautiful, mother of whore.
slightly slipped
do you know that Ms Susan Africa is so beautiful. Huhuhu my nana heart
Salt and Pepper – Push It
tatata
your better than me I think hahaha
I’m your Karma muwahahaha
Day or Night? Afternoon
Hahaha 21 you are
good luck with the new school baby girl, hope you’lle file many friends but remember to never replace us hehehe love you always
mother of! Bigbang emanating his presence. So much enthusiasm about iKON. GD is now mad. Just give it I have only few months left.
it’s in 7-11 or in other K-stores Oh God learn how to find.
titanic or titangel? Teen titans have a legit question.
my terrorist in normal public market. 
so all of you no issue
why is it that his forehead is what I am noticing
good good bro hahaha sigh* you don’t invite.  Sigh& joke.
hahaha. You really hot with me hahaha
how are you? Where are you? Cause I miss you hahaha take care hehe
i miss the time where you only play together, playing child house with the cousin but now it is only Mobile Legends or Player Unknown’s Battlegrounds
it invoke irresistible sensation 
i have moved on but it doesn’t mean that i don’t love him anymore, i love him, i still love him but not like before and i will not deny the fact that he still have space in my ventral tegmental area
hi N, i miss you even though you just now went offline, we can still chat late, so thank you for making me happy hahaha we are crazy together (you the one who confessed) and we have so memories together, bad or good I love you baby
aye thank you Tric are you now okay?
the child have no shame we can punish you for that hahaa atty mel fuck you hahaha he such a jerk right?
what can we do, I only just woken us hahaha
my baby is so good.
i have a crush on you, i also have a crush on you.
4 5
are you made? Hahaha
Please recommend Anime/K-Drama to watch, any genre. Kdrama applicable for 17 years old
Just like a dog hahaha
you so energetic I hate you??? like can you please go
My next Chosen Books are Until Trilogy well this is my most favorite trilogy by sister J not just because of the trilogy i love the story so i also want to collect them all. I also love the mentefalco caousins so it is one of the reasons why. And ---
you said he will lose, there he lost hahaha 
School again tomorrow. I feel lazy hahaha do I go or not.
hahaha is there a need of money there? Cause I currently do have money
brave decision
i idolize you more hehe let’s pleay
he does not even know us hahaha
So there’s that, why are you still asking questions hahaha 
loss time because of complains
sweetie
Hello! Please un-tag this for there are people who want to join and D at K are not in there 
What do you care in the Girlfriend of Juri. She said you to you already hahaha  
please read
busted
Which of the following Muslims was Pan-Islamism during 19th Century? (A) Sir Syed Ahmad Khan (B) Syed Ameer Ali (C) Maulana Muhammad Ali Johar (D) Sir Agha Kan'
April 21, 2019 at 06:47 PM
Brother Josh said don’t escalate small quarrels. Thank you Family Lou
Can you remember 22 April 22 2019
hahahaha Okay
Wow i was shocked hahaha
hahaha
please vote ahgase
hehe
There are many time where i feel tired but I still didn’t left him when DJ said the way i feel
Satan hahaha there is no reply because you were suppose to send at 8080
Can you remember 22 April 22 2019
Land
I miss you all Cedar
Fuck hahaha
hahaha crocodile
warning there will be consequences
Hello mother Moria I only want to say happy birthday to you the most holy person I know of course it’s only a joke hahaha your a demon. Thank you for staying for me through the hard times you already know hehehe promise I’ll always be with you too.
hahaha how are you? I hope you are okay, stay strong together with baby hehehe i will support. Go please continue, preserve to God hehehe anyway good luck in school life stay safe always, i love you God bless hahaha
Mr. Visual!! he also loved you to Pei!! He already confessed his love for you!!
Why did the person i nominate decline. Sigh but OMG i knew it from the start that someone will reture.
What is happening to my cuntry?! Where is our capability to think?
April 21, 2019 at 06:47 PM
Oh I see that hahaha your crazy twitter
i can’t just introduced myself? i’m waiting for someone
there is crazy there
Your are so boring we ain’t close so you won’t see my excited side
where is my crushie
I’m gonna eat you kind of feelings 
he is really ready and hyped up to sing hahaha
hello i love my sunshine so much
the cat is so cute, i hate it
so fat
warning there will be consequences
you are our princess : “i you are hurting just let go” you all mother of whore friends, i love you all!! sorry for being so stubborn hehehe
Filipina teenager yeah
how to move on? I don’t know, let’s find somebody who does
So what is the status? OT is real?! People crazy the TV is on but all busy with their phones! So what is it? I had a headache because of My english! So what is it! Help me understand?! 
April 21, 2019 at 06:47 PM
You much more a hothead? Hahaha lol
I only...” if you had a heart, i want you to be mine... if only you , only you.. are for me. Hehe” Queen Regine
Don’t judge me,it now summer
those solid group are what is left in CSH beautiful fellowship 
JC is strong at LOL??? dickhead hahaha happy birthday baldy
This is how do things during preparation for Karo. Team effort with the Torres family to celebrate Karo
It seems that I will be sick tomorrow hahaha
So we are now called clams! At least we clean up polluted water! Hahaha Queen Regine
All games in the afternoon is the best
Sister’s Tripping hahaha
Kate is really cute hahaha
Hi Woojin hahaha
love Janna
hahaha. LMAO
mad if left out only a minute
nothing
get ready to gamble even you already know that you will lose
aggressive that is why you were left alone
I you are really lonely, there is one person who can cheer your mood up, i don’t know but thank you for the people who is always there and will never leave me alone
steal the beating heart of the wood spirit
It is so painful
will I push? I don’t wanna
My stomach is so heavy, I cant even burp
and every time i really read the stories of the series as if the character also pulled me in to the place they will go. It’s like in a different world
HI curly, i do really love your hair, see next semester, lets study hard together
So fresh
Kit is really supportive he let me pick what powder i will use to my finger every time we will play Mobile Legends, my hands have spasm hahaha mother of whore arrogant
handicap i will only use my legs hahaha
April 21, 2019 at 06:47 PM
sorry crush. I am really shy :(( it is okay, i don’t really kill people
so you only for chat :(( i don’t have a chatmate right now
there are times when I am super emotional because of one, some or all of these problems (personal/family/studies/love) then i thought to myself that there is no one who loved me even though in reality there is. Messy yes these moment happen to me
this MF is with family, lets always be together
we sour
I hope next time Papa is GC, and GV will their story! He is suited together with Queen Regine
hahaha! I know master, sorry
I can’t really believe it Nicky Mendoza: It unbelievable, unbelievable i tell you :( shocking it seems to be still okay and you can still do it for the video RIP my friend
Hello! Please un-tag this for D at K are not in there 
I with my friends that will meet up with his gf there in estrecho then we will be together with her girlfriend with her  girl friends. Then my friend friend introduced to us her girl friends, she said her name was L i followed her up at Istragram and we start talking until now, now ask questions
you are the outlet of all the things the i want to vent out :(( thank you solid matt!! share you stories soon
so beautiful!!
you all are beautiful, it is inherently in the race
me: if there is an enemy in Player’s Unknown Battleground hahaha
mother of whore !!!
we after information gathering for 3 hours it seems like we know a lot with each other then i told her that I am not interested in women or girlfriend i don’t care then she told me the she understand so take your time i will be right here waiting for you then i told her i ready don’t have any interest
start
i love you baby i miss you more
kidney for sale for galaxy fold, joke . I don’t don’t want it, i will report it to your father.
baby look at your but so big. Sumi: i just push, all you need is too push so it will look small. Hahaha
hey egg what is it? Hahaha cute cutie
you might gain interest to my life
how many are your girlfriends? 2
hahaha of course I’m alive courage is the only thing left from me hahaha do you have the courage? Introduce yourself?
KAMZ, K- Kelly, A-Andrea, M – Milery, Z – Zacharie, I miss them all, it’s solid before all we did is have a good time hahaha,  hmm. What are our plan this summer, i really love them too yeah.
hahaha
hahaha
Hey what is it!!! Please tell us if there is a chance or not! don’t expect us to be idiots. You told us a date yet did not deliver, you all are so unprofessional. In the end, you are the one who is blaming us
hello again boyfriend
Hey baby hello baby i told you in the private message not here :( hahaha joke hello
hahaha
I want to do something silly before deactivating
do not put likes, whores
xD
oops. Hannah is so War freak, maybe she’s bored
tell Dannah that the first time we converse my first impression is that she is good natured. Really consistent in being kind. So approachable, thoughtful, then i thought she was serious hahaha the fuck you all are laughing and get over it, really your are so red
Hey you people please can you give me a cope of her private life and what A-teen take super outdated
you really love marc ah yes
oops i pressed it
where is the data
are you taken? Sorry yes
Doc is really amazing
Can I tryout with you
Ma’am and Sir please ask a question
You want to be licked hahaha
hahaha fuck you Shane. I miss you to Cups!! I don’t have anyone to hug
i change my mind
Who, Can we do it?
Please ask me a question
I busy
One of them didn’t hold out
It okay if its form him maybe i wont eat it but preserve for years to come hahaha
finally I get my sister method in putting on a lipstick
I have a crush to the point the we were so close before i don’t know now, until we didn’t talk anymore
I feel more in love when I focus my eyes with you
Because they were too many ... may it will take until tomorrow  where all just awake
I won’t you chat Ajan so that you can be friends, he is kind *no comment*
Boy getting closer
Okay moneybags
Build the wall voter id’s term limits Liberalism is a mental disorder hahahaha
hahaha so you went A.P
I miss you all
tear 130k, 120K
My hand is so itchy from buying. I want something to mention hahaha
hahaha iI’m torn if I will continue with cutting my hair tomorrow
You a jerk there
ah okay continue fighting
hahaha i can’t believe it
Nicoll-Klokstad, Manu, Marsters, Takairangi, Niukore, Glenn, Napa, Rapana....make it happen'
Scarlet Snow if when where arrived, I’m 14 years old, only got to the point in Baguio
“I wanna make you smile whenever you’re sad” why is it only when I’m sad? I want to be always anytime you looked at me
It looks like Migy when talking hahaha
Can I borrow, My mother isn’t at home i can’t handle house chore :-( I’m so tired
You just stalling mother of whore, all conforming we don’t know the you all don’t life Blackpink cause it is overlapped by your big stan
I hate this place can I stay in Palompon forever
Don’t love anymore if you can’t unlove your past fuck you your not the only man in the world
I will give you another chance to prove yourself. I you can do it, I will return my child back.
Am I harsh friend?
We are doing God’s work here on earth. It is eastern now i can feel the mystical powers
Is it like that?
Here’s the link of the AshMich/MichLey video I made! It is our compiled moments with Ashley at Mich together watch till the end. Credits to the owner of the Video. Mich stealing glimpse of Ashley really made me happy
It might be here!
It is tiring but it’s so good
I just spilled the oil for my painting ugh I’m a idiot i really expensive bullshit
I hope my brain will work tomorrow Lord please 
hahaha
what?
Taeyong is beautiful Taeyon is an amazing leader Taeyong is a great dancer Taeyong is kind Taeyong is humble Taeyong is reaspectfl Taeyong is funny Taeyong’s laugh
It seems like yesterday, that we quarreled about who going to side side by side in the car going Baguio 12 years ago. Now, we quarreled about what will we order, hard drinks or beer. Huhuhu what a development I missed you guys!
The are so many who ask about when will the cover start in Youtube. I really still have no idea because starting a channel is Youtube is different, more the reason because I’m am not ready for the judgements and I’m really not that good of a sing er but promise this yea
I will check soon bins!!! hahaha I hope I’m not busy in my academics hahaha
Happy Birthday Hannah Pearl Thanks for everything, this include how you broke my phone, you made me hit my head at the locker; you are my supermodel my life
Fuck that girl aye!!!
What is wrong with me about Averngers, Really, For the Endgame
Rally, why?
Happy Birthday, Thank you because you are of the people that i can rely on, more true on if I really need grab or a ride huhu Sorry if we together with Nathan are troublesome hahaha I love you
So the is one more
I really cry last year because of our finals
Oh lala lalala Oh lala alala What a girls, what a girls generation
Hello Summer 19, Thailand
Oh the water dispenser is broken
I never hated beer except red horse hahaha
hahaha i feel you. I needed to wear the old one good luck! I hope you will find it finally 
And note hehehe He won’t forget I ill stand aside on the road and if he saw my exhausted or i carry many things he will offer to help hahaha
Here Pakistan Lahore
So beautiful???
There is nothing I can do
Kindness:11 (he is kind, but really silent) Sex Appeal: 55 (?) i dunno. Hahaha Closeness: 2(?) I hope it will be 5. do you like that person or not, is it the reason for the statistics? Secret. I will not reveal it. Hahaha joke
Because Julisia
Okay let’s go have a fun time because I still have no routine! It okay am really fun person even more so because I’m a arrogrant
i really want to return to being short hair and I hope I do regret it
hello haters!! amazing i really idolize you now because of you idiocy hahah joke i hope you wont ask permission to leave becuase you are an idiot joke hahaha good luck on you life. God bless you my friend
It true sister, that is why i want to kill the one who cat called
I mean the one who properly courts. Get permission first from my parents the should be hehe please. Its not that I don’t like the one who properly court but i am really embarrassed to my parent because I introduce too many people but the seems to all disappear all of the sudden. You promise to my family
i really tired on scamming
idiot so there was a sling bag hahaha how the fuck did i miss that the fuck blind
So beautiful!!
Are you a clean or a messy person? Messy duh did you see my room?
I finally had gone to the countryside
?
Top 5 handsome in the room? All is handsome hahaha
did you know that i want to get close to you and see your strong personality adn that makes you beautiful
Are you really a sugar mommy so there a too many bashers baby hahahaha
So deep daddy
God your so cute
Are you enemies with Hanah Tagle? No we are besties
You are so late to confess Seo then just to end up going to Bytlthe haha Sorry I really just love you 
Watching movie is the only reason to be stated
happy even more if the are two account limit hahaha joke thank you
A bond with them. So i really miss in going out from the house if there is happening
iced coffee or milk tea? You pick?
bro about pipes i miss that crazy dude it is really to get close to him, even do you all are a glory hogs.
last match
Some say before there are really not shallow,they really is not not because of AA so there are mad with M, it is because the M treated them. Then you all trust the tweet of M even it just fake. Lol It is really embarrassing, I’ll shame all of you.
Hello! Please un-tag this because there is someone who ill join and for D at K are not in there 
3rd?
husband is hot in the office, while working daily 24/7 weekend .
We will pray for Santa Kim K. So we are enthusiastic in going to schol. Amen.
You need to relax. It Mixy is older and i don’t offer a honorific. You are really polite, and I am not. Hahaha
I really want that epep hahaha
what did he say? I can’t follow itot
OMG is it okay baby!!! They are solid performance!! I will high five you who are your bias
you are fragile
The are nothing for us, there is a endgame in palawan i want to go back
you’re so easy to be offended. You’re so sensitive. I hate you self :((
As much as i want that I let you come with us, but maybe today is not yet the time
this type of friend
hahaha, it is far as the gym for me the K-pop before. Now i can’t explain why i am affected in the hype. Hahaha
Grouchy and snob. I have nothing to say hahaha you just treat me out you two with mary need to stay strong. Yiee
Pierce through
Find a roomate for the next school year Davao area promise i will stay quiet in the room
sister
I already 3 days straight we are eating shanghai i love my life
I like them also. He is a enemy in IU with Suzy, hehe but it okay  i watch their drama
It is the only time see I love you love is ridiculous hahaha
Kamihirou is valid. So Fucking cute hahaha i can’t..
you need to Legend.
I’m not asking question hahaha I’m shaking
I hope we will be classmates again I love you baby I ship you two
hahaha
Just watch Cap’s Amazing stories instead Bong you Whore of a mother
Suppose K/DA Pop starts is not the same in League of Legends and 515 of Mobile Legends
hahaha I’m against it funny
let’s gamble the is some idiot the at will spoil endgame
the case is we are not talking together that much
hahaha 
hahaha i remember so many people
I have some i know from them
The legendary miss quarrel Manoban
That Okay hahaha So I will My day
I don’t know bro... I really broke right now. It not like my parents will move on hahaha please spoil, wait until I can download
even though not asked still gived, self please be a request and an offer. The bad thing is there really show that the don’t want to and shall not get anything ever from them. Even though they hurt the feelings of other they still won’t give
i have never, i am a good person hahaha
woah list all the other covers can’t get out!! love you
hey crush
i miss you too, we will seen again tomorrow
Teenage filipina is the girlfriend of Yamyam it is not like they can show it in the video their sweetness of course it is private and they won’t reach 3 years if there is no sweetness, hays people these days
It is just the start of the intense fight scene of Iking
Yehey I love you mommy. Yu the only one in my heart
hahaha
Edward is Iking, there is the Kambat
there ‘s that, Miss you
Let’s just say that “hey i will see a reminder of my classmate and i will miss them” hmm
of course not what was that?
hahaha
how messy is the cat here in the Philippines killing like  what the fuck?
1st thing I love about the province it the start, there are so many of them 
I can’t handle it
Father: He is a chick boy Aunt, Aunt: Chick boy even though did not know how to toothbrush??? hahaha cannot
I’m not sure if a girl or a boy but I think she’s nice, i see here in my TL
I’ve been silent about the issue because I don’t want it to escalate. But it up to the point that i can’t tolerate. Please remember, It’s Christ that start the stray kids, If not for him there is nothing
I love you, but it enough
Are you a clean or a messy person? Depends on the mood, but usually messy hahaha
So beautiful!!! mom will soon leave :((( please be safe
His is literally dirty minded hahaha you can vacuum it cousin
That costume of Lisa
I can vouch that he’s kind, I always ask about if it going down? Hahaha
But false hope about the t-shirts
Are you ready to enter a new relationship? No
I don’t anything like this in Japan!!! So annoying huhuhu I want to go back!!!
Even though you involve doesn’t mean that you should
study or vacation? Hahaha
Part 5 last even though we will go in the neighborhood, I still miss you, even though we usually see each other, I really my those crazy stories hahaha of all your crazyfails hahaha, i really love you baby mwah
You a mayonnaise
stay safe always, bother Iam! I hope to see you again. Come see us again sometimes, then treat us later, thanks in advance
In need of a harsh diet if we are going to the beach hahaha
there is blood inheritance hahaha
Dinner
hehehe the church is really good Oh my God i have so many sins
Okay classmate just tell me and I’ll be there aye hahaha
Damn Excited
hahaha
there is
Who was that? Is that simple 20+ subjects in 6 modules in 2 days examination triggered
It is you that changed? Or Me? Or both of us?
Happy 18th Birthday ehem so I’m gonna expect that I am invited hahaha joke more girls to come aye i mean more birthdays to come hahaha thanks for being a good friend and God bless you more!
I was joking hahaha what is it haahaha
hahaha
Who Is you best friend in our group? Elem, Jhs, or Shs? Jhs duh hahaha it has taken four year to know the smell of each other :P
Sword
Please notice us. Right here to join with my beshie. Whatever you are, We will always accept you, we are all crazy, they had a crush on Zack, - He’s cute, you all vocubulary nazi, addicted to k-pop, one is addicted to anime, we are best friends forever
Are you a clean or a messy person? Clean hahaha you all are surprise right? I’m organized just a little bit, hahaha but i’m not really the type who is messy
I think they don’t know about nesquick. Nesquick is so Yummy. So chocolatey
I idolize him also shox
I dont have any others to chat
Dady piglet, baby piglet
True.. Did you all know that the first thing that I admire to a person if whether the might have a talent the second option is to get close if it takes me to long to support him cause of the attitude in frontt of the camera or outside the camera
Headup episode 2 is tomorrow
You are also unfair you animal
Dance or singer? Really go at moving in the bed or moaning. So meaning, both
Jennie, I’m revising my IE. I’m conscious, don’t look
Hiya! Georgie! Hii! I’m not Georgie!
The all thought if you said the is no feeling then dont think about it, the case it you won’t feel anything and think anythin, it is rally painful
to be on someont’s myday?? shit, dating is different, it is a wondrous feeling
Then the jerk complaints
I feel nauseous can’t I absent tomorrow
So, do whatever you want to do. We will handle it for you, okay?
Lolo is really competitive if it’s about singing
Because he don’t like spicy
There will be another wedding after 2019
If you have a soy sauce i will slap you
I feel happiness but i don’t know where it comes from or whom it comes from
Before crazy freak
will wait we he return or will he return
Don’t. That is the only thing that make me happy hehehe let’s go mobile legend
They again can’t sleep. There a idiots. If only the healthy persons withiut mental illness can know our feelings and experiences. If only we can pass it, even though for just one day, it wil be a relief to us. So that we the can relate
The thing is, our computer is lagging
Hey I’m really tired but again overnight hahaha it mother that you ask permission
Why is it bro Rc is really kind. Hahaha. It my cousin and he inherit it from me joke
It is you aunt, hahaha
hahaha I saw it hahaha
Bullshit my brain short circuit to what I am suppose to tweet hahaha, 
That is why I want to go home too you whore
can we extend the holiday. I am not ready to work
hahaha it’s next month, it like my body can’t handle it, please tell mommy I will start jogging you know about mommy. Hehehe, love you miss you, go back to me
yes hello, question
So handsome
ah why is there 2 reporting next week hahaha ah it’s all sinking in ah
Maybe time for goodbye is coming for my phone, hahaha its been 2 years and I think it needs to be replaced
Don’t kiss
Annoying, it’s so cute
There are so many that add friend me in Facebook, but you name was not there.
Love you sarah
I have a crush to the the person sitting beside you lance, i don’t have a crush anymore hahaha
Pour down 2019, Taytay Falls
I will visit hahah thank you baby
I was asked to go online for bio aye so sweet bye
You miss about not handsome
Swimming in monday batangas next week team bilding vs dada also know as BATAS who will win? Who is more famous?
hahaha
there is money for the food
Bestfriend them really good at dancing and singing. Stay safe always
So good
Here Your here
shocks hahaha
ma’am/ sir, please bring Namjoon here in the Philippines
Hays hoping
Sorry
there ‘s that, Mays had spoiled it hays
hm web
happy birthday yeah!! You really dense 21 idiot
Almost 2 months, are you okay with that?
mother of whore what is the letter that I have read?? idiot deal  whore!!! 10,000 a month?? for you well being?!! no no no !!!
I have hahaha
You all so really dirty minded hahaha
Please bring a hammer
hallelujah
the clothes of Tae compared to others, fashionista
Your girlfriend has another man. Another man? Oh her father? Yes we played card with uncle you game?
I want but I am saving right now for i have currently many debts
no one: , Buted: you mother of whore, are you gonna fight?
I know little sister, when is it I complaint about you! Hahaha so It really here 
Really clean 
it already Okay, He don’t have any companion in the house
why lips is really hurting
sorry I dont want it, for me
Aye Hobby
I though its monday hahaha solid
hahaha
You go and save him
Are you a clean or a messy person? I don’t know hahaha My mother didn’t say anything about me
Deku is so stupid! I asked my nephew about the name of the girl in the pool then when he asked the girl, the girl said, I’m the one who must go directly I’m the one with intentions hahah you mother of whore deku why did you go to her you such an idiot hahaha
ahh... so that what happen
There are so many that deserve to go in hitouch them you just skip it bang chan grr
hahaha
A beautiful man once said
Don’t cry baby. You will see them again. Just asked how he missed your talkativeness
Shake you body, it will soon end
me, working on a very strict time constraint (tomorrow presentation levels): my laptop: I not function today!
thank you for the support just now
Why is it bro Rc is really kind. Fair warning. hahah It my cousin and he inherit it from me joke
I will just swallow
Repek
I’ll chill the things that happened in my life. Hahaha
I’m saying there’s is something
Taeyon
Hi Labworks, I miss you. Joke! I don’t want to go tomorrow huhuhu
finally, I have decided what i will take for certification next and probably last.  But I will save. 40, 000 is the reviewer and it is the softcopy
Right hahah i feel for all those men that wasn’t given alone time and effort because of posts lie that i observe that i’m toxic to my former girlfriend before
Bike you can’t ride a guitar to your destination
I haven’t tried but it okay, don’t. Because in the middle of this I’m the one who will be chopsticked
Stay Safe always Jojowain demonstrate immediately about us being in a relationship hahaha, there is a right process for tht so please Direct Message me so I will recognize you and for that we can be friends
Go go power for my love Dodong and Sarah
What is your bet? Pakbet or you bet more? I bet both hahaha
I pass through cc, why? You didn’t listen to us you went pass through cc because you are a coward, Who the fuck are you anyways?
I rpovid everything
Buy it now, I don’t have any food in the concert huhu
Cute
Hoping you’ll find the right guy
aye. Jacker! This is Arms at least
Hey promise. It is reallypainful Dmd. This is the bidet the time I OJT. I have time for I am scared with bidet
There is that, Baby Iking
Please ask me a question
I seldom play
The idiot tweets. The caption is a bit scammy
Who is your crush hmm
When are going home baby Animal hahaha
It really good then
Who is your baby now? O Crush? It’s Ineng hehe
I’m only happy
There’s that read idiots
Ask away any question
Aunt Why so suddenly? Why did you surprise us that your flight is today? Why did you not tell us that i was our last encounter the other day?
Really supportive... really deserving
there ‘s that
If someone goes live just to look cute, here is the video for cute too hahaha
Aye char hahaha
I’m gay 10, 000 is my price
Please post the picture uncle. Hahaha. Hahaha please tag me I will send it
Mother: Hey it’s th twins. Me: what? Mother: Boyfriend of Mayay
Sister where are we?
This is my idiocy
So okay your were there in Divisoria? Hahaha i mean I’ll go with because it’s a treat
Sorry for the inconvenience... huh? Why?, it’s my imagination
i prefer really RPW, even in this tweet hays 
Yeah don’t delete
I really want to block. Hahaha
You really are noise, i contribute to you exhaustion, there wil be no one who will help you. Yes this is what it is now! So wait when I will be finished here! You piece of shits
Your right
Really handsome
where, check again. Hahaha
Tots about Francine? She’s cute and kind there is many hahaha
hahaha, his hair
how
My child same like my nephew
Oh God!!! You everything in a package
So your also flirty hahaha
I want to go home in the province chill and go on a trip all day even though there is no signal, though i really miss them
What happen :-D
Even not drunk
What i don’t know who i will go wild
Thanks for everything that you have me, I misplaced some
Hey our ID and ID lace is awesome
Link
I’m with Trump, this is Sanders
Is it allow to unfamily. Joke
Niel is really in love with me
I won’t get involve it’s your life
Iking is the one Zandro is fight for he own kinsmen
Iking the bat is the one who lose consciousness his acting mother
Please Direct Message me
He really love to joke but it is really
I have . Hahaha
I just charge then there is a dance practice
hahaha
hahaha
Every thing is for what?
He is too 
previews
Tip
It seems like we are going to a trip finally it is boring in the house or school I really happy sorry
Heal me after all of this is over
love you aye
I miss you too baby I love you
Mother of whore, what did I do with my life
I don’t trust anything like that, so I have never
He miss here girlfriend, because they didn’t see each other for several days! He really put up an effort to go there. It’s not the financial capability! Did you know that even though Dj was there the still bond after Kath packed up. So what did Dj do in Hong Kong, he’s just waiting for here.
I’m Sorry Mother you don’t notice me here drink a medicine
Let’s tweet while watching
I already know, I’m just fucking scared
papa: *buys me a new sim because I told him I’m going to change my digits also papa: Do change your number, so Papa why did you buy this? Who will the one to adjust? Hahaha!!!
Yeah, oldie hehehe
I miss Sukyo :(
So I it is dusk or it’s six PM, Iking will transform as a bat, and will also change eye color
It’s really funny even though I are not talking anymore with Thet but our dress is always the same color or the same style, just rude, just talk together occasionally
hahaha
Trisha Lem Cric drunk. Hahaha incoming
Scrubbing my wound is really painful. Need to remove the sands
Why does she look like Alice Cooper, What?
Do you love him or He love you, It better if both
is there no lofe in Youtube? So what huhuhu
Fuck! It better for my other half always want a debate to correct my mistakes. I love him always
hehehe i love it
agaga it’s a shee
K-drama for several hours
Aye Jesus hahaha
Damn, how I wish You would see each other
Painful
You made you uniform seems lieke a pig, you also include PAL. I suggest You post somewhat flirty without compromising the company you’re with
Did you know I liked you so much before to the extent I made hideous  amount of you portraits hahaha, also I always stalk you by liking all you tweets, and I always ask your friends something about you, but that’s in the past, I’m okay now
Ma’am Brandon from Batangas
I don’t know if this day is the best or worst
Again I don’t know why are we like this, what’s with us?
When Argee Guerror (I belong to the zoo’s) said “there is no difference, we will lose again” m rank game felt that
Bakugo is that you?
hahaha i mean unfollow Fez or Dia hahaha
You ‘re K’s baby... and I’m like yiee
It ruins my mood to GV hahaha
hehehe
I’d say queen hahaha because we barely do it, she’s a good listener and it nice to talk with her about thinks like esp eissus and opinion about stuff hahaha I miss you
hahaha dare you to make a cover hahaha
Bye bye Cotabato that is full of issues hahaha
hahaha I hit my head
Did you know I am also in pain when I heard it or when I know that you are in pain? The time you tell your stories it is me that first cries before you hahaha but I swear friend or should I say bestfriend because that is the way that I look at you and I don’t I you look at me at the same way, you should be happy
Mgs is really good from to beginning to the corner
We have always in orange, let try blue
I’m ready there pit
There is no designated time for the horny. Yaahh! 
hahaha
Yes, I don’t about him anymore. It’s time to focus in renewing the relationship of Jae and Yong. P.S No problem, I might end this tonight
Daniel John why
hahaha i know bro
gotten worse
I mean of the brighter side maybe there will be a comeback, My losing streak is really horrible before hahaha
I thought Nadine is the one in the 1st pic
My grandma Mamii once said, “If you are starting to get hurt, break off” and I felt that
Because love is when someone’s happiness is more important that yours. Even though you are really in pain you will still do everything for her. Even though you have nothing you’ll alway s going to think about her
Its taking a long for the bus to get moving and there is a baby that won’t stop crying send help.
Annoying, rest is not trending and I’m not complaining hahaha
Chairman and Wigoda, Society arrested
Something you glance is really irritating, I will just think to myself that your are always like that
Are you a clean or a messy person? Clean in real life, and messy in twitter that is what we are hahaha
I am also crying for you, stay safe traveling . We love you. Return again in Neyva Ecija soon
Oh me, I’m so in love hahaha
We call it near Faller’s hall
You’re cute
Oh not suspicious
hahaha hahaha hahaha
Sing out mean 
Hey I see our condo
I want a hug Sir
You don’t know maybe tomorrow it will be you,  there is no impossible
Grandma: What are you watching? Me: the mysticism of Kambat Granda: That good, interesting Me: Of course, the protagonist is my idol
“Don’t settle for less, settle with me.” Aye let’s got! Just cause I’m single right now, I can flirt with other people!
He has other? Not yet hahaha I mean No he won’t, crazy
hahaha Yo What the fuck is wrong with this page
Reject hehehe
Choreograph tutorials hahaha
So fast hahah Love you baby
idiot grrrr... because you can’t hear me but that time I request to sing, he sand i like you so mych, youlle know it then now hahaha so messy and dizzy
No one: , alec: took out the t-shirt in the room
Send help sisters I watch Lucifer for the whole day, I may have a problem
It really ridiculous, I will grow for you hahaha
Again Yes
Can we talk again? We can but it depends, introduce yourself first
Who is Bunak?
Hays
I’m the cutest, I support sister
Wait, I miss thing hahaha then ride on the bike, go fast until you are thrown out hahaha
Did you know, you are very attractive in your own unique way so there will someone perfect will come for you, don’t feel down always come here with us sister
I want to change my UN to a general one hahaha i really embarrassing for my other bias right?
hahaha let’s go. Now that I’m free
So apparently my relative call me talkative in english when I was a kid and heard one of them say she is still talkative today, maybe ten times more... am I really....
How to be you to Siz whore
all is allowed?
It really ridiculous if we summer, what not Lester let bench body next
Too many issues for others
you flattered me ah but okay miss you too hahaha
The concept of love is not to like other’s relationship goals
hahaha
Can you not set on private in instagram? I want to see but I am really embarrassed to follow, I am the one to adjust hahaha :((( don’t be embarrassed hahaha
okay have a nice day
No
a friendly date because I want to get close
Saravana Bhawan? Not half close to Annapoorana of Coimbatore. In fact Saravana Bhawan is hopeless IMO.'
It ‘s like that. Air for a few weeks/months then gone
Why are you so numb? Because I got an anesthetic shot, sorry
Wait how many gaps left? The first Episode is lacking 
Oh Case Linda!
You coming? Please Direct Message me we have something to talk about
Please send a screenshot in messenger hahaha so the I will be enthusiastic and lovestuck sometimes
Shawn is really decided if there is a place to stay
I’m really irritable right now hahaha
It’s Okay. New experience
Why did I suddenly miss him
I not affected :P
I will say hello it’s okay :)) I’ll hello back hahaha
hahaha
Watch “Next Generations Episode 102”
You have something
Form C1 plan
I realized, not all is give to a person hahaha
not a question but thanks because you are the only person I could talk to the time I really unstable. Thanks pres You are always welcome.
crush i don’t know how to react about time photo or what, you cute you Satan heart, or is it wow? I want to heart but you make taking it on the other way but I have a crush on you you are so cute whore okay I will not so you will be left wondering why didn’t react yet yieee
I like NCT but I’m not updated in what’s happening to them i need fan account and also GOT7
he’s about to duck a bullet
Angelina Jolie
hmmm you still have a chance, I’m still available hahaha
You dodge, You still an idiot love you
so handsome some of whore
Papa
We are in Four hundred Thousands friends
hahaha
I feel so useless. I up to seen only . I’m not helpful, I can’t do anything. Damn it
Please huhu
I don’t know why he is the one contain in my news feed hahaha he’s so cute hahaha
Always a buzzkill hahaa
climb
It not a secret that I’m messy
Unlimited Kiri Works
Do you love him? Or you really love him? Are you messy? Or you really are messy?
hahaha you provoke him mother of a whore
you’re a whore and I am king hahhaa
I see it to shit
huhuhu
Even me will get scared if I will see baby Iking suddenly change form... how did Panying accept even though he is not human?
hahaha I hope you too
Good Evenung, Can I ask for a copy of GoT? God bless! Okay sure
It’s not Chewy
Busy :( I will play after the imbecile WiFi is replaced
Boobsie is crazy it’s like you in the gyme
haha!
Just go faster, I’m excited for Season 3
Accountant then want to brag how much is his tax... Dong first of all you are not Regine. Second, you are in accounting, Doing sinister in the ITR. This Zombie Asshole
handsome monster baby. Hahaha If it’s me, even though cute, I will not go neer, hahaha
Wow brother, What am I to you, hahaha
mwehe
Going sterile if won’t ask a question hahaha
I just saw this in social media: Him: We should rest our relationship for a bit. Him after 2 wee: I miss you came back to me Him after 1 month: happy weeksarry for my girlfriend who is the most kind person in the world Me:
I said I will sleep early and set the alarm to 11 pm for the last set of concept photos look Mother, I’m still alive and kicking
Wow Taeyong’s new tat. Wow
I really feel heavy. Crap!!! I hate this shit
Feels. Mwahh
hahaha..He is such a character
Are you now in a relationship with RH? & plays ghostin by Ariana Grande
Jesse Mccartney Whore of a mother and it double C hahaha
How will I say to Baejin the my Birthady is in 20 in 2 seconds? Says: I say happy you say birthday okay happy birthday happy birthday hahaha you a piece of shit, you really feel goo hahaha
How are you related with Brother Forth Padrigao? My uncle
Shit why am I also tense..
I feel hahaha from the top buy but I’m really sleep
I finished it already. I save it on my notes cause it is worth tweeting for
It is Friendship over?
I cried? Why?
What type of alcoholic beverage did you drink? I don’t drink
I thought to my self what are the thing that sadden me if I know there is a person much more sadder the me, its not like i invalidate my struggles but i think it is them the need the help the most cause I can help myself
yie meeting place
Did chayo and leandro kissed? They didn’t do anything right? Wow, after all Ath, there is nothing that happened like that, the level of romantic excitement, is pure? I therefore conclude that the are my next favorite couple next to Lili and Riguel
Happy resurrection Father God thanks for every blessing i love you
Fight back
Really this week
Maybe Jin
Sleep early and wake up early tomorrow
hahaha other’ s have issues! The spout anything! Isn’t even true
You want to claim it, but it isn’t really yours. I won
child, wrap the food for our dog
My mother hahah
I hate you though hahaha
fair warning huhuhu she’s my queen i really far from her hahaha
hahaha lose consciousness
fair warning about the table and chairs
Me as a boyfriend: Frugal at replying Only Sweet and loyal to you not faithful you’re only seenzone and will not be given appropriate time and not a priority so there is not boyfriend
My Video when I was a chile
The were too many, it is many? Hahaha
oh I see hehehe
fair warning
I love you sorry I already taken by God
It really outstanding, the story is so beautiful. Really exciting
Yes
I already free that every time he saw different relative of mine it is his favorite topice. Maybe he is really obsess with me
Are you hap Sister?
I have a crush on him
I forgot his name
That one is really unlucky
please ask me babies
Aye wowzers hahaha
I can’t believe mom O won’t I’ll work harder
Its supposed to be a very long long road trip but and our car broke down and hahaha we are now stuck in the middle of nowhere where it is dark and there is no people, our phone are on verge to being low battery, weak signal, there is also a crying child. I am not happpy
Save Prince
This Bea Alonzo! Born to be a drama quenn, really amazing in terms of acting, really lit
you know what??I regret that I met you
wow Jhem really sold Reina maybe he was romantically excited okay i understand
the closer the end of the semester in to smaller my interest I just want the suffering to end
“I am always grouchy with you” Bitch almost 1 week!! Good you just notice???
Heey, I remembered Liza Soberano’s poster for Southvile “Education is a priviledge”
EC issues notice to Pragya for remarks on demolition
There are suited together with Park Seo Joon, God! Maybe no
HI, If you ever chatted me or Direct Message me will you reply? Absolutely yes
he had slept for only 2 hrs
hehe
Okay Jon, I will pun
What happened to that one player from NU? It is Chavez? She played to a league while the UAAP Season is on going.
Also this :((
Selfie even thought tired from firing
Thought about Sir Eric Really good in teaching, very passionate for his crafts also really funny in class because he can’t dance hahaha i really miss his voice, hahaha I miss them both with ma’am Fe
Son
Ask away
Can I have milk, one milk hahaha
The pig visited me in my house
goodbye goodbye goodbye
I really painful in my part that there is only now few that appreciate this sport
Ho haha I just really ambitious but I feel I have a similarity with you. Love you Camille since you were a child up to now you cuteness never changes
Happy Birthday, how are you? ,if you are serious DM. No time limit, I'm always available"
who will I choose Who I love or who I love because there is no one who love me, oh yeah hahaha whore of a mother I’m Laughing out loud 
Maybe this will happen again
Lord Sorry, Yes Singlet
Love is not available in this world, Come beside me and I will love you Ayiee hahaha
Maybe that’s that but It is really that
hmmm wait Okay I’ll try to fit them in the 3 house
Mother semester
How can it finish, the light is a being a idiot
Thanks to all who come to all those who I invited. I’m not sure, but I hope I will construct it properly
Right? The is no one who is a attention seeker
She said, it’s a date, but it’s my treat, okay let’s go
How many supermarket that I went to but still I can’t find the ice cream or premium
Oh yes I forgot again hahaha
Are you a clean or a messy person? Clean, I don’t know how to french
I’m the one that doesn’t ha one thousand here hahahah I will messy this place up now hahaha
it is me that is your tiredness
Did you trying applying for a job Biancs? Or are you accepted or are you resting right now? The want me to take up board exam but I’ll try applying for part time cause i need cahs hahaha but during these past 2 week i still reast hehehe
hahaha
Feeling nostalgic
Whore of a mother, isn’t that right hahaha
Buy a kitty or for a trip
hahaha hey i miss you
It may be better that I will be gone by your side I will give you a couple of days or months I hope you will change for I am really had enough with you with all the things you done to me
It’s hard to be crazy
happy Birthday Mamsh!! I miss you, the time we always tease each other hahaha see you soonest I will gift a milk bottle Sir hahaha
Joon whore of a mother why did you only wear shorts
I remember what my mother told me. “If you want to be beautiful like them, don’t compare yourself to them. You have you own unique style. Don’t let yourself to step one their level”
I know we people are all difference. But isn’t it noticeable? It is really not clear
Who is your tot Sir?
Zulu
Do you still love Mat? We are only friends now :))) sshhhh maybe someone will get hurt
Sir Dion is really a glorified bully to us C.A.T Officers hahaha
tots about their group hahaha we are really close! Really fun to talk with! Also it funny how we sip
hahaha all right
what is it with you siblings
Wanna one
Please be mine Idol I will take care of your heart
It is really seldom to care and there is someone who will bullshit
date? Hahaha
I’m not a perfect and you too but if there is someone who will wholly love me I will make you perfect in my life promise Sorry if I covered you fellow
hahaha
so beatiful
hello happy birthday, Tysm for everything; know that I love you even you it is you favorite that you fight us will Kyla i hope we all can hang soon for I miss you all, that’s all enjoy you day
He’s backward to the car engulfed in flame because he is afraid in the baby bat. That is why he was blown away from the explosion
Papa also called them a twin hehehe
Yup It is also able
astaga
I’m only until RT about the talk with the bat huhuhu
Brother, maybe its there, Sheena and Sho moments the type where they stick together and we are okay
I give up on YouTube live... because of false hope... i will wait in the TFC
They were too much into fangirling to the point the artist was chocked. Then just fan servive? Oh come on. The fan Service is brimming with effort because the is need for
I thought adobe, but
If there will be a remake for the monster baby, please get Iking for the monster baby
I said already it will go back in cap
The mother of Iking lose her consciousness
People in the house had their mouths open while watching
I think Oryang is the big twist in the story
Whoever 8 that is the worth that will stay in the BNK will be put in the golden circles. If what I heard was right
I reach my tweet limit. In my main account
No! he had gone together with the bats, they caught him
Brother remember the youngest brother the time and the experience when audition in BoybandPH hope to be successful in the boyband as him. We are thankfull because you have auditioned, and we had known you as one Niel Murillo
The child of Marian and Dingdong is so beautiful, Its instant actress swiftly
Engineer I know a girl version of him
Wait! Let’s try watching in the computer while tweeting
Hahaha Right. As Andre said “go go go go !” hahaha for the lve of LouDre hihihi
Iking came out, really scary
fair warning, Pongyang regain consciosuness
The eye of baby Iking is really scary
Oh so she’s single
we are intensely waiting that’s how excited we are about queen Regine
always tweeting we are now 3rd spot nationwide
hahaha the baby was different
Omg did you see the teaser? So intense keep Smiling Ashley
we must get ready Keep Smiling Ashley
I just having fun... hahaha but i will get serious... I will first search who will audition hahaha... I hope you won’t ashamed of me if I didn’t get accepted hahaha
Province fight. No Opposition.
hahaha
More tweet fellow heartmates
So it’s Oryang, I thought Aryang
The commercial ended quickly queen Regine
Sex or chocolate? Chocolatesex Chz you rude. Of course chocolate
When I open Mobile Legends, I exploded on me
Still doesn’t then? Hahaha Whatever I do Lomis or fruit they still doesn’t
Me Bae
Because it is still next week the we will go to the beach, we should have bathroom selfie to start a trend
I thought we can move on. There is no course in Mass com and study subject inc271
How much charming hahahaha
there nothing now.
hahaha cutie my baby
You so beautiful sheeeee
Can i smell too? Beyond attraction, You are always hahah here is where you shoot
Men are difference. Will accept whoever is given.
Sasa
whore of a mother i have hahaha shit i will not like again hahaha
But you respect Saleres? Of course why not
complete
Do I really have to take, I am now really hesistant
The feeling that you want to be a celebrity but you are not allowed by the physio
So that why, I didn’t see anything that post about bubbles bubbles
we can do nothing, the loser is the one who didn’t participate
cute
Off to SJDM, Bulacan. Do I have anyone to go with?
Why so handsome
Will I chat or not? Case is if I ever chat maybe he won’t reply for I may be a nuisance to him so not I will not chat
the time is about to start the night i will be drown with Kopiko 78
Why did you not recognize me while I was still free
My Christmas gift is what at stake here hahaha joke
hahaha I miss USA hahaha
how dark
8983 I was attacted before
pretty
Wow Mams hahaha you can say no
God, they wake me ip, the one who invites me to drink”, hahaha i can, at of course will take care of him
Are you going tomorrow? Of course not
No, you’re all so cute hahaha
the man you think is cute had a thing for you? Except for all the one you Mu/or have a relationship with can it be not he one like me? What about Klod, he’s cute
I have a crush on you yiee I also have a crush on you yiee hahaha i hope legit crap hahaha
at it again
I agree, i can feel it hahaha
Standing for I am the only one that can replace
why is the one you cried aboutin the call?? i seen you tweet. There it is legit jerk.
What do you expect in grade 9? I will have grade 9 classmates
yiee
Will I send my email or not?
While Nancy is much bettter
But they didn’t miss me
wait, Isn’t it 3 holiday right now? Or i didn’t know how to count?
For it is the only thing we talk about about you love life or backstab to other people. Hahaha
you name in Twitter and Instagram? It is my real name
Post group big
Chect the shacks near railway. 25 years under and rule
it the past. I changed
hahaha
but do you think he still cares for you? Hahaha ask him
Check out WEGO Window Decoration Room Tote Bag Mini Green Bag cute Lolita F/S Japan
what is it hahaha
abolish the ban so we can help the bees
aah let me out, I’m might go crazy if I stay in the house
You don’t need money to feel love well sometimes in the simplest way at least there found the genuine intention, can really show the love for the woman he is in love with. Courting with a bike visit in the house with no money to go home, Effort is not abot money
This is the Last time please
it with you Girlfriend where you are good, If it your sibling you not, you look with fierce eyes. If you read this dear sibling, yeah blood
Are you a clean or a messy person? I clean in talks but not in application
That is me before now you know how painful
I know you’re crush that is a cousing of hahaha hell nah hahaha sshh stay quiet
you all know me if you have anything in need from me
date? Joke... hahah reject i have a partner
hi crush
I got Dario
Watch “Rising of the Shield Hero Episode 15”
hehehe
so many!!! Can’t count the grain of 1 sack of rice
the is nothing right now hahaha
trending worldwide
He is in Batangas :( miss you all
Vape with me
what ever you face is you still handsome
fair warning
It is simple to confess, of course it is sis, go to church
hey hahaha
We are waiting
Election 2019
I’m all hangout this week
idle
I listened to what Father was saying, if I ever found chichi: How can you say your are a good person if you can’t even feed you dog so you thing he can spatula alone?
He texted me “get out” then I got out, and he was there I though he was joking, he even brought food err!!! I won’t forget this boy so sweet
I remember that Homily before
Where is Marcio, Why did he play and why is it he not on the bench?
Lets go nothing I just laugh so hard, what is it?
Hoping there was, right?
Made in Mamba, At least Bangsamoro. We are sunnie and our God is only One
Mang
hehehe
hahaha
Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya
I deserve a date with Septhanie You dame me 
huhuhu
50 dates movie, chuchu is what I remember
Drink next, my treat who want to come?
And gonna left then came back and saying that he will love you even he will be hurt once again, published Chapter1 of mu story After Fall
During the time we are singing I realized that this is just for today, tomorrow or revert back to being strangers again
hello I’m your textmate  hahaha what I remember about you is Uly and our callsign awiiee are you a nice person and stay strong in our life, God bless you
Custard
That braids?
His face is handsome can’t say the same for his voice
hahaha even though it’s just a joke
hahaha jerk
This is me in Yakimix hahaha
hi Muss A.M.M I hope you read this. Can I Direct Message so I can know your twitter account.
I hope you will follow me huhu
So don’t say “I love you”  if you still don’t have any commitment
I had gone to Batangas so my stomach to acting up. Got hit by and would like hell it is like that . That’s it. Lol
117 Today
hahaha
He will feed me as a friend
hahaha I am more on if it is on the road hahaha compared if I’m at the house there is karaoke but i still push to watch TV hahaha
Marinduque, Philippines
It been a long time when we last see each other but nothing changes hahaha
I will miss you rock and mud! Hahaha
hahaha
I was surprise when sister told me that there is two dances for each service
hahaha cute
I don’t what this mood, there is someone else be affected so irritation here I go again I don’t care about the world
okay, my goal is te cupsleeve of Seojoon hihi
hahaha
Iking is now big
Song that makes you cry? I’m think who am I, that the the favorite song of our grandpa and that was the song when he died
hey it so crazy O.M.G I’m also addicted hahaha
Me when I learned he has a different crush
Ay so the is a different M
So cute
kakaka! I just beat Ymabushi in arm wrestling
I’m a Designer Outlet in the province
I just returned to the city then I immediately breakout my God
I love you even though you’re a damn smoker! Just don’t release it on me hahaha Love you 
The feeling that you don’t know what to wear for the shoot so the photographer is the one who decide. Hahaha
The feeling of having a teacher that gives you a homework to be passed immediately tomorrow
just cute
arghh Jess is so beautiful
There is no going back, don’t return in bataan hahahaha Charming... don’t forget... we will miss you
Beautiful: 10, I miss you Vanae see you in tuesday! For now, Lets cram hahahaha i love you
They now said no, they are now different
I really pitiful, i didn’t watch, Yes him, I’m just going to tweet
The child is better than me
HI Sister girl , please control your bestfriend Jap, he look like an idiot please tell him to use his brain. Thanks why do I need to control him Is there a controller
So bright
Getting beautiful even though not
I also like you I will kiss the cheeks
I also like you I will treat with food then let talk even though it’s none sense you start the conversation hehehe It because you’re crush is shy
I seem this is where I will sleep, on the bleachers Oh My God
hahaha
It’s Aunt Beautiful
wow when he smiles its like he had prospered. Hahaha
Useless to talk with
Go be  sugar mommy
Cheat
do you still love you Ex? Who is your ex? Hahaha
Are you teasing me? Luh
hahaha
avaaa process to being a idiot
why cry
the are many but leaning towards
Hey Gab posted a cover what the fuck and I taken a long time I want her to load the cover we don’t deserve her. Please vote for Gab
Loot at Kim Taeyung go
haha
I don’t know about this
Who is your crush no? Are we going through this again? 
Thank you friend hihi Miss you too and love you too mwahmwah
He don’t wanna He give up the things while knowing that this is still a chance to fight, it difficult to wait but it is more difficult to regret
hahah matlab is different tweeper join
What juice hahaha it’s urine
you’re super kind, and sweet!!! then I can also open up my problems thank you for everything Gal, love you
So it’s cancelled? Hahaha where?
Why did you not finished it last week
Is it like before? Or is there a difference? There is a difference
what is that wait for a bit whore of a mother
Kaesang, is that you?
You are really really angry? Thank you
Maybe he will curse me the how I move hahaha
You will turn off TV
Did you daddy alden know about hat his child has been doing. Because he really put oon an effort in saving his child druing the gay issue... He said there is a need of proof... can’t daddy Bae Yong regcognize his child
Your a dickhead if i lose weight whore of a mother. Hahaha
never gonna give you up if I give up you? Hahaha
cassper or berekile The stone
He is a clean person from end to end
Riverdale really give me joy. One moment they’re friends, then next they are noot, hahahaha
“again It’s is lonely in the house’ Mama you making me eotional
I’m eating carrot are you proud of me
Is it now new or old?
the mango and graham is really satisfying but i feel dizzy hahaha I’m not fond of sweet things
You though I’m going to get lost, you escorted me
Where is the dickhead there
Yiee its like you have it
Today, I have no one to play with
It good that he was shy while your are being stubborn
I don’t know if it is just my imagination or there is someone calling me ‘Par’ on the 3rd floor of SM
We have buy something
My one cousin have achieve mythic, i cant go together wit him top 1 regional so hihg
Lets go even though even i will go black
They were the one with the dp background in the place the vacation to, I’m only up to the room, bathroom, living room and kitchen 
Love you
June or July to Mamu. The is the drawing of swimming
I still think the version of the Meteor garden is better than that of the Korean ones, i mean it’s the boys over flower version in Korea
Nothing, If I had know I should have already vlog in the Chateau
Marienel had a big smile when she saw the adobo adn Carbonara in the table hahaha Love you Ma
Why do you love the most from the ones you have relationship with hahaha? No one they are all jerks
Baba Bless me
hahaha I doesn’t affect me
I will follow Sis as an example., these are my favorite Kdramas. So I miss watching Kdramas
It like I need to call my roommates because maybe I forget to pull out the iron hahaha
girl
There is Nielwinkk edit during skydiving on youth of Troye Sivan bgm, everytime it plays it makes me remember Nielwink, I remember can I Nielwink
Oh My God I really want to watch Endgame but I still haven’t watch captain Marvel
hahaha
Favorite pen brand? The bp is “Test good”for only 5 pesos my pen since i was 8 grade? I still have many stock left here in the house, 3 boxes
sigh, i will really miss this hamster
Cj is lucky, faithful
do you need fund for twice right ... hahaha
I will put you in a sack 
Why do I need to review, the exam is still in 24
i am really good in doing that
Even when he was studying math I was there
The person who you had a fight with is also from holy, yes girl hahaha
I don’t know if you looking at me or am I just assuming 
hehehe
why are they always changing their mind
hehe well
shout out to my Ph Armies, how are you?
What is it self, go tax tommorow Me to me:
It’s official: This the messiest Holy Week so far
style hahaha
please
Idol Philippines
Name: Zhang Yizing / Zhang Jiashuai Birth date: 7 October 1991
really immature but still know his place hehe there are times that there is a need to be the big brother for his subordinates, that is why they always adore him. Loyal to the people close to him. Love you buddy
whore of a mother hahaha
bang
I will graduate in Jesus name!
Praying for a safe trip to those who are traveling tonight. We are still in Ilocos Norte but we had already passed two accidents in the road
The DATE has won. To those who vote, Dm me then I’ll set you  guys up, are you ready
I will just sleep the pain that I am feeling, I will just sleep the heavy burden, hoping the tomorrow morning it will fade, the pain of you leaving.
My baby bullets bullets
at GAY London
That is why I don’t want to get used to talking. I feel lonely when we don’t talk anymore
Carry
Last Holy Friday, It timing that I had visited the ancestral compound of the Briones where the vacation place when I was still a kid, going to the farms of m Grandpa Ising and Grandma Leoning. Because
Talkative 7/10 hi ryu!! I thankful for you from time you agree to be the timer in science class because i was shy hahaha i appreciate see you next School Year
Jon
It is really important for you to reply fast, not later than one minute reply sorry Marz, okay noted, next time hahaha
I believe mama will get angry with me when she sees my dp hahaha
I have never hahaha it’s bad hahaha
I am laughing hard sis
because I really underestimate,confortable
I’m really bored seduced by the make up
hi please ask me
This baby also
Sister, does Embry and Statice have a story? Em has while Atis has not
No one want to listen, and they will tell you your are the one who understands, your the one who needs to adjust. Shitty Whore It really tiring to be considerate and always the one who adjust :( So I’m the one adjusting. But I’ll end up the one who will feel sorry and be the one to accept everything that will happen
This is the like things that bites you in the ocean, I’m not sure if it’s an insect or a Jellyfish. The bite is really painful and after then it will start to itch
wait for me angel
Joon Please you are the only hope
How to pose up on 4x4 jeep
respect
HI crush, hi, you, commit suicide okay joke
you want to contest from Varanasi, Why you want to want to finish your career before it start.
If you are tired, you will give up? Depends
hahaha what crazy
I want to have someone who I could call love
I still have shuk here, but I don’t have anyone to jam with that is who I haven’t brought it out
Listening to Episode 28, Part 1/2 You, I am whole where we first met, Like a plant the knows how to stand. You not the one that make me whole, but when I’m with you I grow
I really don’t know why, even though all the things that they have done, I still can’t get mad
The is something different every time our eyes met each other
hahaha
My mother is your aunt, hello cousin
you are also beautiful ahh beautiful garbage hehe
huhu you fought them brother renzz? Huhuhu tearjerking
Hey What is it?? this is nothing!! It is just their trippings wahh stay safe always
Klien clean english ahh is it really that? 
Something I question if they really exist? Am I weird? Sorry sorry. Hahaha 
Mother: Throw all the garbage! Me:
They said, It is you whom I need to ask why are you separated together Patrocl hihi huh Who are you for me to explain
Do you have a skin care routine? Sometimes but I don’t
No one: andrea: Raping before you can say anything
Miss you baby
just create big “ugh” using small “ugh”
Harika
Its like he hasn’t got used to that fact I am a devil  :^(
Don’t get surprise if I am really dark tomorrow. Whore, I was really enjoying
So Selca ha a W where sorry
Are you a clean or a messy person? Eh? Really messy hays hahaha
I really miss hahaha I really miss you, let go hang out God hahaha
It going three all sir hahaha
I did this before. I deactivate it but I really looking for fun that is why i haven’t delete my account but I didn’t get up to 30 days, this time I’ll try hader to resist. It will be gone with my life when the time comes
Lack in care
Me : Your really handsome Wooseok: huh?
Do I have have to strength to fight? Ehh she’s beautiful, I’m just a godess. Hahah,
I hope the one who really was the first returns
The are really that type of people. They judge the book by it’s cover. We have already proven it... right?
criminal need lynching
Before I really miss you
There, that is what is difficult to you. Just one I love you, we are then okay, it enough, it is already torture
there are so many the like you even though you have a garbage of an attitude and you are really not beautiful, you just white hahaha talk to the air, hon
What should have happen, I am also there. Regretful
Jun’s sexy dance
Thank you Mariane!!! I love it, it is really lucky that your account is private
there are in a relationship for 2 days i think ugh
how is Verah? Darwin, they are fine
Whatever you are going right now, it will soon to pass mamah!! I am always here for you. Mama even you blame i will still know you. Thank you i love you mamah thank you for everything
I really have a big jawline. My arms or legs should be the one to grow in size, not my jawline.
I choked Lmao what is this crazy this happening
I have gotten nothing baby I’ll take you advice hahaha
why did i feel a romantic excitement for just a picture. Whore of a mother
crap hahaha
there is no sundae, so here pizza
the not rap crazy, listen, can’t lie, sing it also to your baby
so do I read, what series, study, eat, write some shitty poems, drawing, or what?
please like the page, said by daniel
Guys she needs help! Her tweet will be wasted... follow her! Thank you
The way he moves you might think he is a virgin if I know you boyfriend is a fuck boy
Superb. Congratulations to Sana Batool
Hello Best friend please like there is mema, I will make again
Yeah babe is so handsome
I want to be useful again so that someone will talk to me
It really amazing how you have affected me
To tell you the truth, I am really thankful that I have gotten to know you!!! You’re a great friend
Shit it really strict how the go out next Sunday! But we will be with AL
Please ask hahaha
So really cute! Hahaha
Here we go again, english
taeyong talented taeyong ace taeyong center taeyong solo taeyong rap taeyong mixtape taeyong dance taeyong vlive taeyong selcas taeyong trending taeyong cute taeyong leader taeyong unrivalled
Kim taehyung is so pretty
hahaha, sim
cute
hahaha
hi please
It really super
it still okay school is still going on, even a little I can still save
hahaha
hello you whores
but is is more so if we have permission
you only my grandma
hehe
I really miss him huhu
beautiful, the most beautiful best friend in the whole will world like you go shit yourself first
If you a gone I don’t know know what will I do. There is barcode, auto link will activate if others will use it. Then a blade will come out and other hand will held it.
it’s true
What is the answer to the question of why are you important? There will be someone who will replace you. So don’t believe me joke bitter. I don’t know, I am love by the Lord so there is purpose or worth in my life
Mo
I’m not good in english, but... i can speak english. Hi!! my boyfreind is really crazy
Legit as in official hmmm 3 but the MU shits and filing hmm I lost count hahaha
3 liek 
your Vagina later? 
Don’t know? About that that
he is just in the pool, dont
Nice, you game, lets go togethor
Voila hahaha
Hey don’t do that! But if it is your treat okay game hahaha
My uncle and I had a talk earlier about life and everything. Then he said, (non-verbatim) “Maybe If I don’t met you aunt until know I am still a crazy person. I am really a vegabond efore but when I met Chie i realize I need to get serious
One of my favorite word hahahah like for a voice mail char hahaha
Game bro. When is you semester going to end? Hahah
Sister!! I will miss you; How you are a happy person, good luck in college life heheh love you mwa
hahaha you are really a jerk
Go with a boy. Hahahah jerk
Such a cute photo
Game count 1..2..3... hahaha
I don’t not flirt. Start from I met you
haha
I laugh befor because a kid ask me what is my Facebook name, I just smiled to the kid for he is really cute, maybe he is 4 or 5 years old, so I didn’t give my Facebook name, he frowns, so cute
after a very stressful week, I have a rest
So it really ture. MIA: Photo Credits
thanks to you too
this catalog under 55 k
How are you? Fine
When you can’t bond with then for 30 minutes, they will ignore you, or when they will not its a completely different topic to talk about, topic which I don’t know or understand. Please tell me I you really don’t want, I can adjust – your friends (what they said)
fan adorable name 2.5 heheh not but your surname is familiar (did we talk before?) cd babie anytime
hahaha paps
Why did you not end up with Eleazar? For we’re not meant for  each other
Trip. Congress
Peypey, your always peypey, you peypey is exposed
Aye Overtaken by Nicole
kiss Jennie 
detect, hahaha
Yay!!!
hehehe I’m a shit hehehe
I want to collext a ABS Bookset, UT,CLS Bundle (3-4) and 24 SS. I have learned many lesson here and It made a inspiration to my life. These taught me to treasure your love ones. I like the 24 SOS for she hasn’t read it
hey me too. Like how can a two minute video hit me this hard. Like yes whore of a mother bless them but our suffering is really amazing. 
we will still continue tweeting
is it okay to be single bro at least there is a 4 digit in dollars in our savings
Mara
Hello Friends, If you don’t mid, I have a new AU and you can check it out in my pinned tweet. It is a lot different from this, a little angst and heavy. That is how you are, you want to be in pain
CF 2011 ch 5400 grade sister regular hoe oh this this, medical IR.. pension, benefits, salary increase
how many year we have been together, but I still get romantically excited when he will call me “my loved one” in a husky voice, I’m such a ditz hahaha
I have start MML when I was still in grade 4
hahah your reply is a modd
hahaha
how idiot are those who include animals to be vegan, cats are not herbivore, uneducated vegans
a thread! At the end of the day you will get bashed
ha ha ha
Hey so yum
Death pool
will try to create a presentation later. Packing will be done tomorrow for some of the clothes are still wet
shame shame shame
hehe
hahaha boyfriend
when you are really hungry and this happens, don’t talk to me
It the a chance if I return? Ngee who are ou
really? Ignoring me in Dm. I really don’t know what’s his deal hahaha
It told you so, we still won’t see Maymay and edwatd. Hays God! Fake again
I have too much time
I may want to be a man because of this
Wanna Work Tomorrow. Bye
same for all hahaha
Everyone is happy
hahaha
Hair or Pubic hair?
Crush again
duh, there is a maintainance tomorrow because it’s Monday hahaha
Do you want Maja, just finished cooking
hahaha adore
What is it again self? Are you fragile
eh pluto
Barcelona yes
crap here he goes again, he will reply to other group messages but when it comes to group messages regarding the thesis, not even a seen status to be found??? hahaha
Oh My God! I hope it will not soon end for it is really beautiful, it seems like it is not a fantaserye and more like a teleserye, congrats Mayward and congrats more to Edward and Grade you are the best for
Extreme Constipation 
It is really clear if a person really loves you or deems you as important
hearts
My guys
hahaha i hope it is not a scam but I believe
fair warning?
hey why are you beautiful?
Hi sis, it’s like we have not see each other earlier, so how is addas? Hahaga! See you in my debut, love you always
whore of a mother this is way too much I’ve totally gone insane
Here it is. Regine
Gone Lazada for k-pop/ bts merchandise mystery box 24017? I guess depends when the package arrives hehehe
Carlo has gone to the D.O
I he is really enthusiastic he will forget his fear of blood
Affirmation
This girl is so beautiful. It really made me crazy
Angie Maserati
Sister Ella, you a more amazing I miss you sister
How dire is it if he only view you as a friend hehehe
hello Sister!! Hopefully to be official, i going to be hopia! Still waiting for my sister’s response
grandma
you the one I remember I had to do it hahaha
I’m so... hahaha I really shameful
lol! I really bet for you, swear! But what you did with Tory is really disgusting and turns me off. Totally not expecting you to become like that
lets wait guys
hahaha salute this woman
hehehe
you not handsome, I’m the one whose hand and also kind, don’t disagree
I hope Philippines Idol will click *fingers crossed
I will give you 50 so you will not complain
this smile
I’m so thankful to have you as my friend I really learn a lot for you crazy stunts. There is no dull moment with you. I hope will find a girlfriend you deserve happiness. Huhuhu. Forget about here She’s whore of a mother. We’ll see each other often to don’t create a drama love you
no one is in charge hahaha just told the be left alone, sir A
I understand that PSJ is a narcissist but it really is cringey.  Hahaha! I was able to drag myself to finish it try Voice if you want somewhat suspense action.
The question is, do he love you? Ay okay
His clothes is really amazing... is it dionusus? Whateven, God
If you love up resisted you... the only means one thing you not a priority for him
He is born just now surely
that how wide it is? Hahaha joke! I miss ya, too, baby girl! Happy Easter!
i was... anticipating ope
hahaha
hahaha
Okay so i know you are diligently studying but what are our shortcoming, we provide you with biscuits each day and we cook fish with head in a can for you, what did we done to desire this?
[ Simply K-Pop ]
i will drink alone now I swear
whore of a mother it is workday again tomorrow. I don’t wanna just kill me now
hi yeona!!! I really happy with our conversations hehehe I appreciate you too for always making stories to me about things and sharing your thoughts hehehe enjoy your summer! Take care
Right? You going to college sister? Who is you brother? Yes your brother? it’s Antonio
She’s happy... So her glow is beautiful
Hi! We don’t now each other but I just want to say that you deserve your happiness and I believe there will more blessings to come to you
taehyung
Next week we will reach 1 M tweets hahaha
Okay
Did you next week is payday. You want to buy many things but you remember, bills from Meralco, 5K even though there is a rotational brownout, and Maynilad about 1.2 k even though there is no water
I bet our friday plan will be cancelled hahaha
Aye I thought you will finish your project first
ahh you had a good sleep
hahaha shindong is me
My aunt is so good hahaha... she told me that I also sticks to my mother, and where will I go now hahaha so good
April 21, 2019 at 07:28 PM
What was I thinking before that i can easily reto other person to others
I had not that many friends left from unfriending
Where are you? In my house
cause your destructive
oh is that why? You go eat! I haven’t
And my God she’s really pretty the prettiest in my opinion from what I have seen (bias? Maybe. I had a crush on her)
Ann is mad
Why is your crush? My crush is 
Dang girl
I should have continue yesterday
I ‘m sure my xevera is for data, hays me
April 21, 2019 at 07:28 PM
Daddy! Here again challenging to a singing contest. Please no me for i will be sad... you didn’t know? You always though I am as tough as you but it is not the case
whahaha
okay I agree, even to him so fragile hahahaha
It is the same, painful
Hi crush i missed you hehehe hello hahaha go lets DM cause you missed me already
happy birthday to my beautiful cousin that said to be my twin :D i love you san ^_^ lets go drink
o why are you mad? Hahahaha
Did you miss your Binsent  Yes ofc
Maybe he also has a J shaped UV tattoo somewhere hahaha It’s just me
That’s right, hanging out in my sister’s account for the updates
April 21, 2019 at 07:28 PM
You look so good baby P.S. we are not in a relationship
Hey the way you clap likes you are drunk
afternoon swim with my cousin
I’m at Kimono Ken in Mandaluyong City, Metro Manila
Oh my God, it looks like it going to be in Sunday Sarah and Edward as Iking will be together, what will we do we already have AL
It is you who will I marriage instead Brother Tin
My phone storage is already full, how about the owner when will he fill for his responsibilities
So I will just forward it.
Sand Dunes @ Culili Point Sand Dunes Paoay
Hi? hi
hahaha What the actual fuck
April 21, 2019 at 07:28 PM
ow I will instead ask in the d-day in where are you hihi we have  arrived yet it Araneta
Tots about Rex?  I really annoying sometime when he will start teasing, but he is still okay, even more so in the occasion where he will invite for milktea
we
they came out so late
i will let you enjoy yourself until you are the want who wants me back. Don’t worry, i will not get tired walking in front of you, at you back, or beside you. When the time come when you like me, I am already there beside you, like a promise, love i will wait for you
I will treat to McDo, lets go
I am one of the gift of the Lord to you, okay, featuring brother J
If I was the one in charge, I want you to be a police or a soldier.  But it is up to you, what you want – father
I’m always the one who compromising
hahaha they said support your own
April 21, 2019 at 07:28 PM
I miss to give something hahaha so tall now but so smug while pouting said go post it
hahahawe love you pog
what did you get jems? Mine’s Mermaid hahaha
Watch
You and Sister Kaina are suited to each other, i am not a onion
Credits to the one who taken a stolen shot from me. They said I am back-genic person hahaha Visit in HighStreet station during my lunchbreak on Maund Thursday
hmph
If the love team in abs is not trending... why do they separated maywad, the we already them before donkiss
Duterte calls Rappler writers paid hacks: There a budget for car, bills for bello
whore that was It.
a, I don’t know you and I don’t know if we are close and ss to you babe whoever is your babe. Please buy me o hahahah char k bye
approaching
Why did I find it cute while listening to laughter of both my mother and father? I should be cringing
I having second thoughts about is it still JhoBea account or now JenLisa/Blackpink hahaha chars
why it is beautiful?
kkkk
huhuhu God bless you whoever you are
Until now I am still uniting it
Sasa
So cute huhu yes Babies
April 21, 2019 at 07:28 PM
Limpapa Bridge Zamboanga City
hahaha it is amazing or why me?
hahaha it is the true!!!
I’m now flying and already on the heavens
From what I have seen Sis what do you think are they not already together from how Mars touch Inigs who tricked him. Even I haven’t do it to my boyfriend, and it is my boyfriend. Mars will not normally do it they are both shy. don’t immediately trust the bashers who badmouthed them
hahaha
I have, we continue in the school
iI’m gonna increase it t 13 so it is easier and not hard
please come to my house, I will give you plenty
Are you a clean or messy person? I don’t know. A little messy cause my clothes are always messy. But i didn’t do some big mess.
we are still okay
Karjon is the most strongest in the pbb that is left
We are team mouths open here in the Middle East
oww shit it is mentioned 
hahaha
Good bye to the fast internet for mobile game hahaha hello 340ms ping you are not missed
hahaha
Mommy and Daddy brought many foods for me. I won’t fit in the refrigerator, so will just bring them.
Are you a clean or a messy person? Uhm, I want to organize other people’s thing because i don’t want a mess but I am not fond in organizing my things. Are you feeling me?
hi Ex, lets talk again
I will apply tomorrow. I will apply everywhere i can find. They themselves don’t like me
After thanking, fs again
handsome is who, you know who, it is who. You know hahaha
When Reema told told agatha: There’s no such thing as perfect relationship. At some point you will cry. That’s how life works. The time you love, includes pain” and it’s true
hahaha what did you do Nido
Pretty please so I can have a new phone to stream videos
Ask, don’t be shy hahaha
“who had a crush on you? I don’t know them hahaha It’s okay for them to have a crush on me for inspiration
Marina
They said you have a wonderful voice hahaha it’s ugly, really ugly
Dinner (Pork Sizzling stew in Marilao)
hehehe
Our Pio is really handsome Sister Sheela
Yes amazing
April 21, 2019 at 07:28 PM
I feel you are a good person hahaha you told me since birth char
idiot, idiot,... idiot
who votes there, I want to see the results haha
Kasumin’s cute photos...
twitter plus live on youtube hahaha others
beach volleyball
hahaha
we’ve been here waiting for a long time, it is really tiring
The have been with each other for a long time... i really miss their update with Kittet
hahaha Okay Friend
pain hahaha
Ahem hahaha
Easter and pitiful
Crazy hahhaa
Many many thank to you all especially to Mohaira and my sister Joharea, I really didn’t expect that I was only their designer for surprise before yihiee really really thanks pepes love you alll!!! thank you so much
So good. I make you Itog stand
There is nothing :)) Depends on my mood
For live we go to Mayward Pres! Then we can payback to iWant hahaha
Naruto Stan number 1
The most cutest girl in gene? The voted for Mayora
tots about Mag? Uhm boring, but okay if there is something
I read dolphines
Part 01 Hindi Dubbed action movie
hahaha
Actively Wait for next wee!
Masaki Yoda – Parallel World
hehehe
and there’s that?
hahaha
a portion of my black hair is becoming white what O_O
explosion
April 21, 2019 at 07:28 PM
Wow so muscular
While they are swimming, I am drowning in school works
bitch
please return this
hays i feel emo from the vocals og sungjin in colors
I go to dates but I swear to God,,, nothing :((( hello ask girlfriend
do you have a boyfriend? I no boyfriend why?
I can only kiss for now, but when I can do anything else, my wallet cries
You know him now kevin hahaha
he still has had an aura even though he didn’t yet study
There, he will return, You won’t need to “I miss you” love you kaoreng, you have many update when you return when you Ube has gone missing
it’s because you so good. You must the pharmacist/adviser
Tron immediately when you read the name of kathniel. Simple yet you make big. There, do you understand it?
my idol
Xenon
That is how long you known sister Chin? It only last year that we’ve met, maybe in November or December but I recognized her since July 2018
We are proud of you
J and D have similar faces hahaha
lucky is mony there is con, while me i don’t meet or greet
Taeng’s new Tattoos
I will put here the teacher’s signature
it’s interesting to see 
oh what? Do you have a fighting chance?
Are you a clean or a messy person? Clean at the start, messy at the end
What if you are happy, but suddenly he will return to you life? Are you ready to sacrifice everything? Or do you call it quits, because you already achieve so far... you are happy. Do you return to the past?
Are you a clean or messy person? I am a messy person but I want my surroundings to be clean. I messy right?
I won’t surrender easily
We have been tricked o we have been tricked? What is it?
Once a philosopher said. I he can make romantically excited, I can make him more romantically excited
hehehe i love chealisa forever
nothing. Hello hihihi I don’t know what to say? Uhm I hope we can be friends
Cheating Krein
So I went to the supermarket to buy groceries and market for he wet goodies then I walk home, unlucky, the plastic bag has been torn off, all the goodies and veggies rolled in the street. Whore of a mother. The tricycle driver force me to place Patintero! Bullshit this life
If it is Liza Soberano, I will do the same, like queen
Even though you always lose, we always change the game by the time you lose hays okay lets game hahaha
check
I need you in my life even though you don’t need me. Pwe
My family whenever I busy myself with gardening, landscapping and cleaning the house. The time you enjoyed cleaning you will be branded anti-social, if you hang out they will claim you are irresponsible. What do you want, does the plant water itself, does the dishes clean itself? Huhuhu what to do!!!
I’m excited for I want to know what is inside of the box, what kind of merch and I know one is a bts merch then another on is k-pop depends on what group I’m so excited
the mysticism of Kambat is really exciting. I hope it will be daily. But I’ll be honest, the edit is not good but acceptable... Edward is so good infairness... hahaha
hahaha You know already that I’m fragile when it comes to you
Let us shame them. Even the smile is the same
whore of a mother I give up
I smell away again in house 
whore of a mother smile in the corner i can’t
hey it is really busy hahah i love all the LS in my life
Never, never, never, never, i have, never, never, never, i have, never embarrassed i hoped let me answer it all hahaha
Her ex is currently in a happy relationship right now and respect to them. Don’t bring up the past that need to be forgotten. Little and little they build themselves. FYI
What’s wrong? 
I’m so ugly, there nothing worthy to post
It been 2 year since I saw you, I miss you Yoongi will you go home, I am not mad (wings tour in Manila day 2)
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
Namkook said they want to go to Manila namhoon said see you in Manila whore of a mother I really want to punch a wall Oh armys whore
The song in Mobile Legends in Rad but God still too far from KDA
Hi smile first fame
Aye i want this
I did not go with Frenny who request me to come to buy a coat for his marathon then after that ending huhuhu my romantic excitement feel like a cliffhanger
Whore !!! they will make us cry again??... i love RADWIMPS tho 
Where can I find this man? Hahaha My baby is also like that 
hahaha i can tell
I know Mami crazy hahaha go sponsor hahaha
I’ll be back Bicol, and I promise I will stay longer! Again, you are so beautiful
hahaha i wish
i miss Alkan, Please hand even though you going to left me in the bay good luck to me I don’t the way to the house
That you limit Yanna
I’m waiting for this, it’s finally here!!
hahaha
Davao Oriental
ya
I hope everyone added her
You rushed it
Teach me how to Tiktok
whore of a mother, maybe big hit, maybe Asian tour dates
To my S**, thank you. Thank you for the days that you made me happy, thank you for the days I needed someone and you there, thank you for the time I need someone to talk with and someone to express with you are there to listen, and of course thank you for being my friend
yes girl hahaha
thoughts about Chanell, Dancer, Jerick, Beri, and Huggablee. Tend to compare XD you can’t see his eyes for how big his smile is, he is a good person guys improving in life hahaha I met him during tango practice lol
hahaha
weird
I can say that God is unfair
I don’t have I reactors, at least I don’t DP so I could be famous
It’s just me
hmph
What if the four has a twitter account and they read all our tweets? Things like AU, memes, jealousy, ships, and others... shit. I feel that just Jennie interacts through our stories and posts. 
Tots about people who are not allowed in my heat
taeyong nct taeyong 127 taeyong cute taeyong pretty taeyong superhuman taeyong bee taeyong dance taeyong dancing taeyong cherry bomb taeyong touch
your so beautiful, i want to take you home
how much
I hope if you know me, please keep it to ourselves, I hope you can’t close your mouth sometimes
Don’t worry, hae a patience
Onis is this your bebe? Nothing 
When you take notes but can’t read it. This truth is I am jealous and I want to watch
You bring back my scandalous side. Friend don’t try me
I feel I’m no important nonono then Imma try to get to know you friend
Pindi boy, wake up
Crushie please follow back what is you name? Hihi
So funny whore I thought sharon will again be editted
hahaha wide hahaha
I am map, scandal then sleep
yes, isla capul, Until now I don’t understand a single word that they are saying. It’s not like a variation of Bisaya and Waray
Dickhead there is nothing like that
Please use tagline also!!! hehehe
Did you know there are so many that have a crush on you hahaha
He has a new chick!!
hahaha exactly
hahaha
Real life fighting panda?
Do we truly end our relationship? I don’t know?
EEHhh that if it is a Hinda movie, it will take up up to 3 hours hahaha
thank you sister !!! But I’m not for :(( Godbless
Maybe you want to give something to Kirsten, Donato. Joke
me: I will also audition to Idol Philippines too, but I changed my mind. Sibling: thank God. In fairness, they are supportive hahaha
one of the best, you’re beautiful and smart on you own way and sometimes you can’t see it hays hays, you are game to my crazy escapades in my life, for you are the mastermind hahaha, I am thankful that we became close, love you 
If you’ll go premed Jes i suggest Pharma or Med Tech, but i’m going Psych i don’t want to go from CMU
Masumi’s dark waltz
I don’t feed any difference seriously, hahaha, so fast to escalate an issue
Electric World
I am happy so far, thanks G
Bro let me try too
So excited
I heard, you are bitter? Hahaha I like yesterday you asked me to come back and you said you’ll make me a rebound. How are you now? You so arrogant
hahaha
A liar one said: hahaha I’m okay I forgot my feelings about him
So, I’m not your best friend now? Who are you first? I will tell you
You don’t want EAC Manila? There they have Edeps, here they have EAC, why do I need to go far right
whore of a mother, why do that happen, really unlucky
So to all who sells Ice cream, you all are not beautiful joke but for real tho, you hella thicc
hahaha Mar
Hard
I have a urge for you
hehehehe
the is nothing romatically exciting about them. Same with Thea and Kim (Even though they’re both single) Mgs trying hard to LT. Copying LouDre? Psh. (I’m not a fan of LD) but at least they didn’t force it
How about me baby everytime I go back abroad
Noon
hey I told you I am always here for you
tag
hehehe
did you know I also have a crush on you hahaha sorry late hihi there I said it
this is really stressful, I have a cramp, I’m okay again tomorrow
nooo if your comfortable with that name its okay but i literally 
Regine had a grand entrance waaa I’m dead hahaha Queen Regine
Lacking much! But really exciting
45 minutes for KAMBAT, but that includes commercials
Moira is my idol, I felt that
Baby please forget about how i said about rubbing the nail. The thing young and my heart now for 
I feel it was too fast. Is it just me? 
right their venue for audition is found a SMDC office in Chino Roces. I always pass there while going to work
Where still at AL at that time. Shit hahaha
There that okay hahaha Queen Regine
The bat is handsome! Hahaha
I want to peel the life of Sandro
I feel anxious!, you will think you’ll go to auditions
We will again wait for one week. Can it be daily? Hahaha
waaah I start watching it just now. So there have an imaginary child before :)))
Wave you hands to those who are excited there
If it about singing, I am a bit strict
lacking...tsk... but it is beautiful... the production is geat
Oh me... Baby Iking fly so fast
Ha
He good in singing, but his voice is not that great, Will Queen Regine say yes?
Why is the audition is not in acapella
Vice is beautiful Beshies
Hey Who? Hahaha
Because Sanders is greedy
Good at speaking english... hahaha James Reid
Of course I support my baby hehehe
You brought me False hope, I thought you are live at YouTube huhuhu I will for tfc later.
hahaha... you really a flying Sissy, advance in making up stories... fatty brain.... ye ye ye!
James Reid is so cute reacting hahaha what is it baby?
Why minus one auditions??? hahaha
One week, we need to wait for a wee k for the next episode
Beautiful as usual, but even more so if you put HT is you reply
It is not based on the face how good you voice crazy. Queen Regine
So there really is no KarJon
Luhh, this is what I was looking forward to, then he goes first, I will download their song. Hahaha
James Reid is really handsome
The just is cute and beautiful
This is what I am
Idol Ph is stressful
He is so cute
later in TFC
lacking right? Which is a good sign because that means its great. Super Happy
So beautiful. That is why it is lacking
This night bring good vibes
The judges are big time
hi again
The baby is cute
The first one is ugly. The way he enters, I don’t know. 
hahaha dead if dead
this quickly became my favorite show
may you will be go to the mental hahha
Luh!! He copied the audition piece of Scitty Mccury in American Idol!!! He really copied the voice of Scott
ha
hahaha can’t reach
can you resist me hahaha
do you love me? Or you can’t answer and I am just a time filler for you
Didn’t I tell you I will tag you, your overreacting, I just showed it hahhaa
What is your height? Maybe 5’7 hahaha
Top 10 Works
hahaha cute
Thoughts about the bloomers hahaha I feel that Lt is here again and chill in the section (not in a bad way ahh? )hahaha I’m proud for them super i have not many whom I’m close with hahaha of course except the seniors and you
Lets just go hahaha
okay Friend I don’t believe you hahaha
find gown girls, lets go
imba
Oh My God Bet!!! Love you
the can watch again my girlfriend is a gumiho hahaha
My Phone storage is fill, I want to uninstall the messenger, it is not useful hahaha
me
Good at sex (SPG) 0.1 Hi Jolan? Hahaha. You cute especially you your skin color. Hihihi. I hope we will be close as a friend. Thank you
I oveheard my mom saying if I’m not there, she will not drink ma, Sorry ma
hehehe dumbass
Bwahaha the acting is normal
Why do other think that we are rich. We are not. You don’t have to be rich to be able to help. It may be small or big, still, it is an act of kindness. It just the nature of my mother. She is caring
you thinking about your companion before when you were always together at McDo hahaha Hey why are you making it sound like I’m a bad person huhuhu who is
I’m smiling
Darling I’m now an actor. Haha Start of coffee
They can’t hear you. Increase you voice! Hahaha
Just why did the bird hide hahah Queen Regine
Wow.hahaha. I will watch the leak and spoil you with it
I really painful, that is why I will let you go
The truth is, until you. But I can’t do anything We lost
hays idiot
that is why our faces hardened then you are left wondering what happen whore of a mother I don’t care about you
whore of a mother delicious!!!
Sis they won’t succeed with their plans to destroy to two, they trust each other, maybe there is an assurance we just don’t know
I hope bingo is included
James: Why are you good in English? Contestant: because I went to Ateneo. What? Hahaha
What, why especially me?
I’m gonna team play later I haven’t watch, I just gonna RT
I’m in the point of my life right now where i don’t care about whatever or whoever. I dunno why. Because of the reason?
We a going to SM Santa Rosa, we don’t have any choice. The is a chinese sub in Southwoods
Fix Studio 7, Kyric My God is airing right npw
hahaha
hahaha i got you
i want to talk wave them all
I got goosebumps when she said her sister died because of depression, I remember Ice.
I love my family so much, especially my parents. Even though this happened, I still going to fulfill your dreams
Why are they mad Otor? The manager is the one at fault hmp hahaha hmp
Baby we need to upload again your dance? Oh, Wait okay gonna upload another facecam
What can we do, you’re weak friend
1 more
hahaha
you look like a teenager and your are not a teenager
Thank you Lord.
The childrens from our family friend just told us the story about Jamill? My brain cells cannot comprehend. I wanted them to tell the story about Golden Chair or Forevermore of Liza and Enrique
That is why I will seen it hahaha
Your mother, you’re the cause of the traffic fuck you
whore of a mother i got romatically excited
Who is Z? 26113, why? she’s cute.
Sir: Did you know what it your blood type? Me: Not yer sir. Sir: I going to get your blood. Me: Nah! I don’t wanna, I may faint. Hahaha I really over reacting
I always take a picture of him when he sleep, I am really attracted to his eyebrows, I always touch his eyebrows
The abuse the people who had feelings toward you, because they know the are the one running, remember your not the only man or woman here in the world, don’t be numb grr.
If I say it will be my treat, Game?
hahahaha Oh my God, relate much
Single – shot twice in the exam week – i want cerelac hahaha
I will put it here
Jordan is amazing hahaha
Girl you deserve to be left by mikko, seems you have done nothing for your relationship based on his tweets. Blame on your “you know nothing” is that right :) Sorry I that is what you saw
Brought Gluttony
Me Kirssy can I go in your place? I said thick in dm but not in cc hahaha come
hahhaa
Him dear. Ninja also acceptable
S-Mall hahaha cute sister
lets hang out, there is no OJT
wait Halsey is aware to what have we done hahaha
waaa
Wasyoku – traditionl cuisine of Japan
idiot love right
Game, we can even do it later
When will the buy 1 get 1 for 99 php milk tea of bts return hahaha
Are you going out with Barbara? I going out with Jennie
Excited for the next episode!
This is what happens if you force to get attention in mobile legend that you are a streamer
luh. So my birthday is fast approaching. I didn’t notice
When you look at me
There is no life at court
FateExtellaLINK
Teenage Filipina, Yeah. Where’s my PH ARMY at??
true. That is why i don’t tell stories to others. Because I know that they don’t care
Why are you a coward you are not up to the rescue but if it got worse you ran away
Baby just always pray. I can sympathize with you baby Love, We Love you
when
haha LOL
It just a movie, I will watch. Hehehe
Confessions to the who will be liked by this Okay hahaha
Hope it will happen again
hahaha
Best
at Lakeview park Islamabad
You sexy and delicious dickhead I might be more angst in walking that you
Hahaha what are you Idoit? Why do I need to screenshot the is already in Facebook when you already known what you have do? Isn’t that a proof that since then you are really biased? Hahaha Idiot! Idiocy ! Go ask for consultation you seems to have a Attention Deficiency
@San Jose, Batangas
I cried for this and I don’t know why
Still just a boyfriend, already changing clothes. Fuck
Hello, stay unbothered my loves. It Okay if you truly hates us. Hahaha just for sometimes not always. Chos you are not obliged to post, but that is your relationship, you can do whatever you want to do! Just stay inbothered
Lofi’s Remix is really chill
Jerk you are really stubborn
The time will come when there will still not be again in the next time hahaha
I keep watchin yoongis dance
It is really here. Hahaha
Me when I wear dresss
I’m going to treat you char hahaha
your naughty!! I’m going to give you sweet punishment there
Tokyo
It is nice but please move the table huhuhu it is not half
Just One step forward and K is going wild
Aw. Nice. Try to kneel down! Cause your really tall. Hehe next year hehehe
Vinz is cute, you poor brother 
Why is it that your cute,I don’t know about you
Who is your crush? Secret you have no clue
I missed them
Maybe there’s nothing???
Good Morning ... Praises !!! Grateful – Hezekiah Walker
So your an idiot same
Aunt Ester tossed Daniela
Why is Kyungsoo so calm while singing???
Why is it that I feel I am not meant to be an I.T whore of a mother
There are so happy
Amazing chanuya!!! Just One Loveshot
Miss CL hahaha
You all a really big there is no food events. I’m very sad meh
haha
i laugh hahaha
hahaha
Legit for sale! Until now no one has bought anything. DM me for me infors
It is really fascinating to listen a holy mass in Ilocano I can’t undershat shit but I know some words :))
Is being in the friendzone painful Jennie Kim?
game gaming date Easy hahaha
Yuck your bisexual. Yes what is wrong with that. The important is I’m not toxic just like yoou. I’m proud of my self. It trending to learn about values and english so you will know about respect to other genders and also learn to sp
HUMAN MADE / SS19 @ BELIEF
I miss 2D1N. I am happy, that they still have TROS and RM
always be a student in dancing ha not in school hahaha excited for tomorrow
google. Movie!! hahaha
Why do I feel this way, I just want to disappear right now. Permanently, No returns to the world
copy
Dear YouTube, the only ad that I life is “It isn’t in my blood !!! hi, I’m shawn mendes”
Si? I’m going to dm you
Hi Mr. Famous!!! I know you can do it what ever your problems right now!!! Don’t give up on things. Always Smile there are many people who loved you
I love you so I want hoping even though you are enough there will be one one and I want to word together
i love yungsoo
I just wanna say, hehehe
So had inserted it. Hahaha James Reid IdolPHPremiere
miss you I miss you more please chat with me I need someone to talk with huhuhu
Is it cold or am I really a cold person?
April 21, 2019 at 07:36
first thing I did is of course thought of place where i can buy, so I decided to go to SM Marikina to go shopping hehehe
I want to go to the beach
I like the quote. It is hard to get back for “what ifs”
ah there someone who comment to what I shared about bad karma of beepee the he lectured me why I badmouths about girlies. That she already unfriended me so I block her account instead
Accept it already, kras. Whore of a mother it is..
Why is my feed full of pi a? What happening here?
Happy Easter Guys, they I sat beside with in the church earlier is really handsome
Please wait, Jimin’s tattoo during the dance practice is really visible, what really happpening here
hahaha crazy
Happy Easter Happy Christmas of the Resurrection of Feliz Pascua
Hahaha is it a wife
Top 4 is this the highest we’ve been?
bangladesh Bois hahaha Gosh my lungs just burst out
If IdolPH had gone to Molave, I would have auditioned. I don’t care if I don’t get accepted, I just want them to see me
Whaa I miss seeing you in TV Sister
If every you should advance, you should just go to the positive, remember the woman that comment in Ig of MM that said I miss you daughter Sarah, She’s her mother
kill this love is now okay, after that is don’t know what to do then Uncle big hit dropped the love of dance practice. Then twice has a comeback they is need things to learn. 
Moira looks tired
The story of the first Gap is really heavy.
Me , i don’t wanna. Seems like my son really grows so fast. I didn’t notice, how fast time pass. Hahaha so much drama
Wow, The first contender comes from Ateneo.
Do you best again next week
Oh My Bills. Did Lou manage?
It is still the first contestant, it is already drama? Can it be just pure talent instread?
huhuhu
Thank you the move it :)) Queen Regine
“the mysticism of Kambat” is so great, I hope they can sustain the beautiful sotyline. Congratulations.
Lets multitask again
Next week is so long. Edward is Iking
I love you. I got romantically excited just by watching you huhuhu
I didn’t watch the teaser but my anxiety is really different now.
The first contestant really gives a impactful performance in the pilot episode
But why are they holding a mic? Then there is a minus one music hehehe
“I know that depression has no face”. Yes, Ma. That’s so true.
Atenean is really good at english hahaha
At first, it is really fun for i can see her eye to eye. But now when Melissa birth to his child things changed, bullshit, then ABSCBN Entertainment brings me false hope. The claimed to have live show but didn’t happen, you were ask ask to click the bell button for notification but nothing happened.
I’m hoping that the both of them survive BNK
Lets persevere guys
Oppa will think something different again
hey hahaha contestant no.1 really ha a bubbly voice
That is what we hahaa
We a nervous at the same time excited.
How much are you a traitor? I bought TV Plus to watch GMA
I hope all from CSH before gets ruined ahahah
But you realized it. That talent itself denies you. Hahaha
I recommends idolphilippines to my family hahah so we will enjoy later watching after TFC uploads it!! Family Affair!!! Queen Regine
I recommends idolphilippines to my family hahah so we will enjoy later watching after TFC uploads it!! Family Affair!!! Queen Regine
Oh My God yo it is really sad, and it is just the first contestant, but is it already so deep
Secrets are being revealed left and right in who the masses really likes
It is really hard in the heart in the presence of AL. Hahaha It is also hard to tweet if it is team live. Hahhaa if it possible to divide my body. Hahaha I’m torn between next episode of HNK and AL. The only hope is Iwant. Hihi
The hid in the bonnet of Sarah. Hahaha
The haircut of James is a plus 
others can be!
you all should be the one in the house
wait patiently for the one, maybe I got him in the camera
Guys please follow back Akits,my other tweeter account can’t be opened
We can do it... as long as we continue MWFlyers
please lex, the important is we can make this trend. Whatever the topic
I’m watching meme hahaha love you
Is it lacking? Well I only watched one gap hahaha... I curse Iwant... charot hahaha
I can really beat the first contestant friend huhuhu her inspiration for singing is the death of her sister from depression
hahaha It is really bullshit. Hahaha I want to connect to IwantTv but it won’t. Whore. Hahaha. JamesReid IdolPHPremiere
Moy looks like the first contestant in the IdolPhillipines
We got many. But sad to say not counted because I’m less than 100 followers... It is really horibble.
Lets Idol Philippines
Okunasi flood
Juancho is really good
You are really beautiful here. Misstep is real.
Viceral eyes is so beautiful, the contacts really suited her. 
Vote now hahaha
She has a very beautiful voice.
It is only the start, and I already find that girl cute...
It is really good to learn a lesson about greediness, for the money and being judgemental for the face and read
I was told that you should go to Marian to SHS. Who told you? Hahaha
i was shock by the first contestant
So don’t ever make a mistake hahaha
Many Thanks!
Idol Philippines is airing and I am really expecting a lot on this show. I don’t know but I feel this will be on a entirely different level.
Ugh... I really don’t like that one judge. I really want Aiza Seguera to replace him. 
Our Lou2x. So you bashers first need to dip yourself in the waters because you might get burned hahhaha
True teenage boy??? Daniel Padilla
luh. Moira Rachelle is so sweet and beautiful huhuhu
Hahaha I don’t know that hehehe
It is really hard if it is like that
I feel you, I am also a first timer
We will sleep, cause you all are noisy hahaha Queen Regine
Shems Really Nervous!!!
I hope more Filipinos will want to sing country music. Juancho is really so good.
hahaha. It can be done.
Oh My God. It is here.
Queen Regine: I’m sure you sister should be proud of you also. Aww. You are really our sister, you make us really proud of your. Hehehe Hahaha
Anything hahaha
Everytime you feeling something that you can’t understand.. just pray!
hahaha
hahaha yes even though father might disagree
I hope sister hugged all. Missed you so bad Moira Rachelle
Don’t.... IdolPhilippines is the next teleserye! It’s still in the first contest, and we already have a sad story.
Dear self... Don’t sleep yet go fight it still... you still have TP
Only Happy
I really feel the show is crazy! Hahaha! Queen Regine
how nominated Baby Ashley... I hope there is none.
It is really hard to fight depression but rely on God always. The story of First auditionee’ sister in the IdolPH make me sad
It is require to have a sad backstory??? Okay
Please dont.
It is possible for this to move to morning? 
hahaha
It is really lacking hehehe
The first performer give me goosebumps. So good.
The first contestant is okay... I hope JamesRied makes the cut.
When you always play with it and you feel that the girl might be hurt. 
Right.
Its party!
“Depression has no face”
Everytime you feeling something that you can’t understand.. just pray!
Juancho is really good
I can stop to be excited to next thing that is going to happen here.
My mother told me I’m beautiful.
Jesus, That is why you both with Donskie fights for Nors. Hahaha
Hahaha! Maybe for shark. Bat on Night plus Baby shark in the day. Not funny!
Talent and story.
If Ashley will camp then lets move to another camp hahaha
Lacking, I want it to be dialy
he look like Alysa Valdez. Boy version 
They found me! No I’m dead! Hahaha!
I am still laughing, what
More like he won’t pass on the flyers, MW flyers
James is the type of judge that will say No is No Even you cried about it?
I hope we will not be disappointed by this. I hope there is no mercy or just because they are poor they will win. Please Judges, lets look for someone that is really deserving. The we can really represents internationally. 
I’m Solide LouDre fan!
Many Thanks too!
I hope the day will come that the Visual effects in the Philippines TV will improve. 
So much love in the air and beautiful life taping
I didn’t get romantically excited. Just really really got romantically excited.
It really seems like fun to be party with iKON with them with they didn’t yet perform huhuhu
Too mych lacking in height JamesReid
Here, this is your ticket, hahaha funny guy
You are now suddenly husband and wife; pink and blue?
There is no live I can’t watch.
Guys please! Please follow the format for nomination! There is so many mistakes! Keepers please make this sure! Is it going crazy right?
You can watch JamesReid IdolPHPremiere in Youtube sister.
this is very good, You make what said a reality hahah
By the Way, you so handsome baby Queen Regine
Thanks for you blessings Lord! You are the best and you have the best timing for my family
Be positive guys! They can do it
Okay Lets go, Are you ready
hahaha crazy so it now baby shark, there child is a bat
Idol PH is does so many imports crap! Queen Regine is crazy
Other are just now from vacation so its no funny
Songbird is really beautiful hihihi
Who are like me that is SS because we reach top spot in our tag
But seems lacking
I hope they kan save Ashley, Oh My God It is sad listening to it, before it sinks in of Moira
S-mall means small mall in Olongapo
Hahaha and The bodyguard is the enemy 
Lets just tweet
Thanks for watching
hahah how can we make it short it so soft
Hey I’m can’t wait... Is it true Queen Regine
We will watch for it tonight, how Judge Moira dance
When you cry because little by little they make your plans into fruition when they were still in the Big Brother’s House. Stay strong, in love, and faithful
Rewatching pbb batch 2 episodes in IwantTV, since rest day, i have time to read, I visit their former HT. Just stalking, the tweets from before are so cute. They have been too much, our LouDre Babies 
Shall we vote? - Queen Regine, Got romatically excited while listening from Queen
Aw, i am happy again from the name Juacho so good there no one who sings like that
hahaha. Next Laptrip. The show’s aura is really different if there’s meme. And also added with song bird
It is already commercial? Why
The way they should be done in acapella right? Also there is no  Mic. Hahaha
So Sarah is the girlfriend of Matteo game. Hehehe. I can’t write the family name it is hard
is it the start? One commercial break per contestant? Ehe
Just that one time... and also you can still watch it... there is still many week to come
Juancho has a really beautiful voice
I am filled with emotion this day!!! I don’t even know who will I cry to. Inkigayo perf, handsome Namjoon, Fan Sign event, o the true see you in manila? Hey please help me
Is it over?
I felt romantically excited with you, causing my husband to be jealous to you
You know the just started. They move are from the rehearsals and was said to be especially generic comment of James and Moia
So beautiful. Make us proud of you Edward as Iking
He is so good today, I just now listened again to as song the seems like a cowboy
Just watching to have a glimpse of Vice ganda
Baby do you best
I am excited for tomorrow
Hays... The thing the I don’t like with the Philippines Judge is that they seems to be more focus on the experience of the contestants in the audition rather than their voices... He has such a wonderful voice... then the comment is just so so... Lol
hahaha
Here is my bet to who will stay in the Big Brother’s House.
Crushiee hahaha
lets go together. Yes! So sweet. Queen Regine
Can they talk about the technicalities of the performance? It only Regine that I heard it from. Although, yeah, it is still the first Auditionee. So there is that. Hahaha
so scandalous, there is aircon in the judges panel charot
shit it is already Idol Ph now, I thought it was next week
hahaha laughttrip to meme hahaha
hahaha yes I’m glad you know oppa
They again don’t want in the blue what is this hahaha chars Queen Regine
Seems like a country singer... so good! But still I only think about Darren Espanto because of the story of what he sings. Hahaha
Lets go hahaha
It is still the first, but it is already an explosion
Brother, is there a collaboration that happens outside in the PBB. Maybe inside the PBB. Maybe you may allow.
Why is it still not in acapella? It this right? Hahaha
I agree.. . hahaha but maybe we will know it later because they might be a plot twitst....hahaha... peace... just a prediction.
Moira rachelle is the only reason why I watch this
Hey Dore hahaha loulou, is it okay that you didn’t melt? Hahaha 
So kapuso network makes a comebackin tv plus, I didn’t know, I can now wach KMJS 
April 21, Sunday, sonntag 2019/Easter Sunday/ Sunday of Resurrection
The coconut in the province is so delicious, so fresh
S-mall, why are you cute?
What will we do, there is AL bullshit hahaha
no funny, just in the house, so team YT hehehe Queen Regine
Wooh!!!! Sister Reg is so good in judging! It is the first time!!! yes that right !!!
Hahaha * maybe you missed my face* cute
If Louie Vigil will play this game, even thought it is just garbage time, I will give 1000 to those who will like this tweet
I really don’t know what’s up with my father!!! Joining with the theories with us siblings!
hahaha. Why is it her name is like that maybe it is short to Victoria that is why it is Oryang
It is almost 500k... and still continue...
It is still the first contestant, it is already this good and she really impressed the judges
hahaha pest
it is lacking!!! huhuhu
“we have no fighting chance, the just called sMALL”
hahaha mouth shut! What is Baritone she said charr Queen Regine.
There is someone who hid.. Didn’t allowed to communicate withus hahaha Queen Regine
Why is the topic became to height? Hahaha JamesReid
Luh Why won’t IdolPH work in Iwant? :( Queen Regine
Is there magic in the bonnet of Sarah? Or is it just made from imagination and the truth is, it is just a style of clothing? Hahaha
Please show yourself we miss you
Holy week is really good. We miss PBB and Lovely Dawn Chang in PBB bring 8 on
Looks like a movie
I made me laugh, here Papi again with his comedy JamesReid
First comment of Sister Regine for the first for audition!!! Sister Regine is so cute!!!
Is it possible the the Iking my the son of Oryang because of the curse hehehe lets see 
Please tag me Aiko hahaha
The start is so beautiful. Love it.
Should it be in Acapella for the first audition right? Hmmm
Right? There is a possibility
Better is the dead, which haunts you
hey! Sister! Haha! don’t it makes me blush. Ay I mean is I am embarrass! Huhuhu
iKONICS please be safe there
Urgh! Please don’t be complacent guys. Brother will have a big surprise late huhuhu keep smiling Ashley 
hahaha
Lets go guys
I will bring it first down. Is it just me that make me sing Closer you and I in the picture that Pat shared? Hahaha. Will I catch up to Al? 
There is a huge gap between from 0005 to 0088, amazing Queen Regine
I hope they will air the visit of Cal JamesReid
Maybe I’m in the different planet right now because on how all of the comment are positive about the post of KOW in Facebook about loulou hahaha I happy people finally have brains, people who uses free Facebook. All the comment have no filter that K word love it hahah
Oh I agree. We are still in AL’s team. Left out in the house from 6:30 then change to channel 2 to watch Kambat!
They said Maybe next week. Hahaha!
hahaha that is also what I observed to my husband. The filter is so smooth. Maybe from the light hahaha Queen Regine
Gosh this Married couple is so blooming and superhot JamesReid
Hey, It is already starting! The Baby is my bod!
Girls wants for them to be treated pricely and it’s sad that it is their only perception of sweet. Stop being materialistic
I will just inform you guys that you one twin has already flown that is why he disappeared. 
Why is the auditionee still have a mic on his hand? There is none like that in AL.
The sound is beautiful
James! You are so handsome
It is a big pressure for Moira and James to prove that they are deserving to be judges for IdolPhilippines but I know that they can prove it
Please stop Lisa hahaha
hahaha Laugh trip
So boring, I’m so flirty hahaha Happy Easter Sunday!!
hahaah I am also not sure hahaha Queen Regine
dance practice boy with love,
Happy easter Bae nube... lets make noise
the midwife throws the washer? Oh I am sorry, I read the wrong thing... hahaha
I really want to watch it daily
Just one week left for AL
So lacking.
It is possible that there is 8 housemate the are left in the Big Brother’s house. So that is why several days was missing in livestream
You are really so cute I made me cry huhuhu, You made me blush
The aura of Moira today is so amazing
We will have a glimpse with them next week!
I’m dead hahaha, they release the same time time, AL and Salng
Wow it is good that he stands as a person.
huhu the judgemental creature in the world is not an animal but it is us humans that is why that sometimes it is not painful to be called as an animal because sometime it is more painful to be human.
We are done Heh... Lets help each other beautiful people. As long we a re solild LouDre... Like what we said... if not solid LouDre or Layf unfollow... thank you very much
he like cute more than beautiful. Ooof. Is this the sigh my Lord?
But the advise of Vice is just to rely it on prayer. 
No me, There is no busy busy here hahah Queen Regine
What, is there nothing you can do about it?
I told you, there is none, I can only rely on Spotify Queen Regine
Hi Sister Vice
crap!!! hahaha
But H is gone?
It is because it’s Eater I can slap the egg og Jongin, yes
Beautiful voice
James is so handsome!
I only wish it will come true Thank you Lord you are really the best
Who is really Paula really
So Cute
The voice of Juancho is really different and unique
I really feel that Sarah is the child of Oryang then the two child of Zandro will fall in love with Sarah then in the end Sarah will know that Zandro is the one that killed her mother. Then Sarah will know that he was adopted by the chief.
hahaha
His eyes is fixated on bebe’s lips
here my siblisng see it hahaha char cute
goosebumps from OBB. It is so iconic, with the oping music on the idol franchise.
Warning, they are their fans. 
his shoes really right? Hahaha
If it is possible that my Aunty can tag.
Here are the OHT of Beautiful life guys
even when I eat is in front of the TV hahahaha there is no one that can stop me. Queen Regine.
I enjoy reading your theories hahaha
My hobby is really wonderful.
Lord, is this the sign that I always ask for you?
The life story of Juancho Gabriel made me cry.
It is really real, I thought it was yesterday. I immediately open the TV. Hope i can try to audition to... But how can I audition, if it is not open for others
Judge is so beautiful
This will continue all the way
fuck
Watch here guys live in Facebook! To those who are not in home! Regine
shit I can’t watch teleserye hahahah
Luh! Please block me late and report sister. I will now just help you to be trending. Hahaha. JamesReid IdolPHPremiere
Other s thought it is a joke on who are the most happy, is the one that has a hidden sadness.
for now, we can only open our mouths, but we can watch it later.
This life! I have Oral revalida here in Physip
You’re so beautiful Queen Regine My God I really want to kiss even though it is just the TV hahaha love you Queen Regine 
Hi
Watching iKON iDOL school trip, while waiting, I am blushing for Chanwoo and Kanon, the chemistry is so powerful
I have many things to think about and here come the mysticism of Kambat to add to all of those things My God hahaha
hahaha
Please give a clap for Mother Panying. Amazing! She is not afraid about Iking! She care and nurture the child to grow even thought the are mysteries surrounding hi. 
Even where in the earth is the reason if there is materialistic people craving for greed will ready to kill to overtakes others.
It is okay father hahaha JamesReid
Why am I laughing in a dance practice of boy with love
I will watch it later in iWant huhu
The practice of NY is just different Oe hahaha 
It is the first time my Papsh wearing leather jacket?  Then in the second day he wear orange JamesReid
who cannot miss fez! Love you always our Mami!!
Where is Idol City? Haha! Queen Regine
For sure there will be from Tarlac that will join IdolPh. You know guys. Ready the weapons hahaha
hahaha...
Mouth open hahaha
I’m just gonna Mixlr
I didn’t get to hunt eggs, It just gonna be me the going to transform to a egg. Huhu. Happ Easter Sunday!
Miss Regine is so fresh when she transferred to Kapamilya. I love seeing her as a judge not a host, I don’t know about the others. Anyways Idol Philippines has good vibes I love you Queen Reg!
Idol Ph! One fight for all!! cheret hahaha
That guy has a unique voice JamesReid IdolPHPremiere
Brother. One day to wait, I hope your surprise to be sweet even a little bit right? Not like this like attacking straight to the heart. 
From live performance to tv, you can see the sweetness and the kind-heartness of sister Moira
Additions to Tanders version: You don’t know anything about twitter and you suddenly have an account, That is also in YouTube, you are now thinking about school and study in Instagram, Bored in Facebook, You are not allowed to stay late but it okay to stay awake at 3 a.m,  Doc is happy you are now thin, didn’t remember to eat
I’ve blush in Phenomenal teen star!
Hoy Whore of a mother! I feel the the dance practice of Dionysus for the fiesta this year include BTS! Big hit
Not all who smile is happy. Others just keep their problems within themselves. 
Please be safe there, I will handle them, just trust me
I’m so happ!!! but we miss watching Pbb
Here is another one. Cute
Warning the 16 housemates are suppose to be happy
what is it again, the is what I can do Junhoe
Who hid the bird? Hahaha please tell to show us the bird hahaha Queen Regine
I watch James clothes when he brought cal. Hihi
Whore of a mother. If you family is Kapuso, you can’t watch ABS-CBN. Crap
It is okay . Hahaha
Devil Hahaha
hahaha
Did it trend?
So much hahaha
Did you know that he is actually funny. Nadine to James
Little brother is so handsome
like a movie.
I will scan it again while it is commercial Queen Regine
It might be Meteo, cause he will help Iking
hahaha
Suddenly so beautiful! But I look forward more for the next episode!
Vice is so beautiful
Ash, Gwen, Narcy, Jem, Emjay don't get out in the house of Big Brother please!!
You so beautiful meme
don’t think about it you know what to do hahaha Queen Regine
Lets go together with Iking to fly hahah
hahaha are you still okay there?
The are all handsome and beautiful Queen Regine, Princess Moira, Duchess Vice, and King Tellemjaye. Oxygen please!
hey, in fairness to the judges
You are now responsible
Defenders Leni Rob is it you? Hahaha
Defenders Game Guys!! it is almost 500K 
I’m Jon
You all just watch in IwantTv cause director Alco said that Al will be soon start, maybe we will start the tag of once upon a time.
I love Dre and Luo
I also noticed. It means we have many to look forward to
Juancho Gabriel So much cowboy vibes
I feel it
Okay please start it Edong
It is finished bhe
I am hopeing it is like that
I am waiting for a handsome contestant lol hahaha Queen Regine
Such a beautiful creature this girl
Taehyung
The first who got the golden ticket. Our voice when we first waited for the start of the release of the trailer for Idol Philippines hehe Queen Regine
hahaha
I miss coaches 
Yep you also have  a nice choice Juancho
I’m a volunteer flower girl for them
But baby Iking is so cute!! then we he grows up, he will turn into handsome waahh
happy easter friend. Hahaha
We are proud of you
Even if there is no ticket as long as someone hug Moira it is lit
clap clap
We can make it five hundred family! Just a little more
You so beautiful. Such a queen. Queen Regine
I also want to be granted to such a beautiful voice then I can join IdolPhililippines so I can see sisster Moira and Vice hay sad huhuhu
let’s go 123 hahaha I am expert there hahaha Queen Regine
Brother relax, it just so suddenly
that they make them the judges. Let see in the following days, and besides ABSCBN is really good at developing and making singers and actors famous.
It look like Daniel growee is late for 10 years. I don’t have any chance to grow hahaha
My goal this year is to watch all the episode of IdolPhilippines. So this thread is my Attendance. Hahaha
The first performer’s voice in the Idol Ph is so lit?? hope oil??
Juancho
lets admit it, Ashley is the most favorite housemate here in the outside world, but she’s also the least favorite housemate inside that is why she’s so quiet. So I hope to vote for her not just bases on her performance inside
Pinoys have a really different styles in making reality shows. But props to IdolPhilippines for a good start
hahaha their love story is so complicated
I think the 8 housemate that are not deserving for the Golden Circles is the first one to be nominated.
Maybe the remaining 8 had already been nominated. So prepare the sims and loads.
Juancho is so inspiring
What do we have here?
Oy It might be it huhu anniversary of iKONTV today then they will announce that there will be iKOINTV 2 huhu
I miss this
I’m now dead
I’ve gone to the church then watch PBB livestream. Always waiting for Angela and Lance
Hey thanks Mars at least here zero. Hahaha they will avail Mars right. Happy Easter 
It is the day of the resurrection, brother is so crazy.
hahaha... it is now a party 
Wow! The ultrasound picture of the twin that the doctor given and was not open by Melissa is there
Why am I so irritated by Moira even though she has done nothing wrong to me hahaha
should be it in acapella, and no microphone? The we have no version of “Welcome to Hollywood” hahaha
My theory earlier that can be a hindrance to Salng love story the father of Sarah which is Mang Tomas... I feel that it is possible. What will happen if He is the one in charge on the Case on Oryang and the killing of Sandro? It is possible that it will endanger his life.
Where will you visit? Will you fly to Manila? Hahaha
Here it is again... Nervous about the monday ratings... hahaha
I will start a ritual right now please I want AshLance to win together with Jem, Shoichi, Gwen, Sheena, Kyzha, and Tan. Please
If the brain will be damaged then the heart will be broken. Hey I am now confused with the connections
Hey Juancho Gabriel’s voice is so amazing and handsome
Hey we must focus on the banana, hahaha
There are things that are destined to be gone
hahah maybe we can find a way Director we can’t miss hahaha Sharots
Too much commercials crazy 
Yes I agree director maybe it is possible hahaha
We can do this fam!!!
Beh you have the wrong account in taging about Edward
Juancho’s story is inspiring 
My goal this year is to watch all the episode of IdolPhilippines. So this thread is my Attendance. Hahaha
saw this one too! I thought it is only me. I want him to be picked. 
It is Easter Sunday right now brother we must be happy huhu
I can’t stop myself.
Queen Regine
Maybe it is possible with AL there is a special coverage for Kambat of Ed? While there are performing the background is Kambat? Hahaha It will be very confusing to watch hahaha lol
I hope you can immediately upload it to YouTube sir, I also want to watch it 
Maybe it is possible with AL there is a special coverage for Kambat of Ed? While there are performing the background is Kambat? Hahaha It will be very confusing to watch hahaha lol
Now watching Idol Philippines Brother is so amazing
please less commercials even for now please we waited for so long
Queen Regine
Yes we all support to ViceJack babies
Of course my idol judges!
I recommend in KOW for those who can have free data all the OFW are following there, that is why they are so updated to what is happening, you can expect that there are no bashers to LouLu for they watch livestream with WiFi hahaha Bashers this day are still at free data
Wow, Regine is the only trending judge hahah
The meme became vague when ABS-CBN started IdolPhilippines
hahaha
Lets pray guys, hoping the ashlance, c jem , batit , narcy, gwen , emjay, tan and yen will be safe
hehehe your right, so they can know who is really the one for the mass... hehehe GO GO GO AshLance 
When your are an expert at overthinking
For all of the lurkers again hahahaha! Queen Regine
Right? Hahaha flow with feels bes...
Am I the only one that is amazed with the animation logo for the Idol Philippines, the logo which came out of the crystal metal of the studio or from the stage... include the theme song which seems like people are whispering I don’t know... haha
Lets go find some eggs
it seems like sister was tickled, I will baritone too hahaha Queen Regine
I really miss the face of Vice! 
Sorry guys.. I suddenly got excited about Idol Ph... Please mute me for now... hahaha... I am excited how that one judge will do baby boy JamesReid
I really don’t have a copy in my cellphone, I can’t do nothing I really search so hard i can’t find anything maybe it still forbidden to upload
Copied by dragged by said by ms. Regine the tickle if there are low notes hahah Queen Regine
How arrogant is the shoe, so noisy Sis
ah so that’s why Iking place it there so he will be able to get Panying
What your right, it’s their album launch how do we do Bhe?
I have an amazing laughter in this moment... hahaha
hahaha
It is because of James Reid why I watch this
I really want Regine, Ogie, Gary, Martin, and Jaya is the laning of the judges. Hahaha
You are the one who will handle them.
hahaha... just joining in the laughter. Hahaha
Why, what happened
The first performer is amazing
you’re right
Holy Week is okay. Got rest and was able to go to church. Thank you Lord really miss the PBB, it has been 3 days, even more so to Lovely Dawn Chang 
What is baritone? Queen Regine
hahaha... you’re right we are used to the conversations in tweet, dizzyness is real hahaha
I called to my home, well you know my nephew want to e a protagonist in the TV wil Mmm and Ed! The movie of LIT we watched it in the theaters! Then my sibling said the today is the start of Kambat
what
Oh my go
do you feel yen, ashley,angela,sheena,mich,jem, lance and alfred?'
Lover’s in Hong-Kong so sweet that there is so many ants hehehe Ayeee
“Depression has no face” I remember what happen to Vice then Regine and Ogie is the one who helped him hays
there are two TP next week?
Sir! Does iWant have a repay?
Me too sister Moira I want to hug choss hahaha
It just the start and it is already beautiful... I hope the wonderful flow of the story will continue... excited for the next episode
what
I hope everyone can hug sister Moira, I am jealous, hahaha
OMG! A miracle hahaha as long as there is life there is hope, the Facebook guys hahaha
It makes more sense why there is no LS yesterday and today, maybe the other 8is not in the house now?
But I am excited in the album launch God to those who don’t have tickets there.. you won’t regret
Lets watch again in iWant.
I just know now that the bat has a name. It’s beautiful... Iking. Yuck... We have found the legend of the bat, and why is it like that
just a little bit shake er I mean push to reach 500K that it just seems like Dodong’s song
the commercial is long hahaha
Excuse me Hahaha
Me: Where did Edward go? Sister: It flew Me: eh? Our Tv have no clear reception huhuhu
I hope Ash, Lance and Jem stay, or else our works in making this hashtag will not be made.
It is expected that the talent show in ABS-CBN to be happy if there is Vice, and added James Reid, Moira and our one and only song bird Regine Alcasid to the mix! Kudos
Brother I’m only asking for a little bit hahaha 
Me too
I hid the remote so there will be no disturbance
Even with no ticket as long as Moira wave at me, it is worth it
That is my bet huhu I hope they will be together
Yikes, seems like I also want to attend the fiesta in San Fernando
hahaha shit brother keep yourself together
Wow Iking is a happy person It is really clear the he is afraid a woman picked him up.
okay hmm who am I bias tonight? Hahaha
i really laugh hard at the dance practice so lax my ear hurt from the shoes Sis hahaha
whore of a mother hahaha
it is regretful, AL has there own hashtag. My God what is it hahaha. The babies tried their best look at what happen.
I dream about Pinoy Big Brother from too much time think about it because there is on Live Stream 
what
Wooh!!! so many Ads!!! I miss belonging to TVCs each gap!!! hahaha!!!
So good! Really intense scenes, like what will happen that Iking and Mateo encountered each other.
So he is the voice in the trailer! I thought the voice was coming from a big person
I have something new to watch!
Did you show yourself baby Cal? Hahaha
shit Vice is what is left, baldy hahaha
No answer in the question hahaha
what time will Pinoy Big Brother start? Please reply
Can we lessen the back stories and focus on the talent? And also the comment from the judges is somewhat lacking, you can compared that American Idol is in a different level
I also want a hug Sister Moira hahaha
Again, What you boyfriend can give, appreciate. Not all men are full of money.
eight poll: who from you are deserving to be included in the big 4 this week 2? vote now!
Daniel Padilla goes to Hong Kong to see Kath while my friends can’t see to reply to me
stutter is real hahaha there will be no Regine if there is no bird hahaha
hahaha Devil
Hello people. This is what a country song should be. So. It is still Scotty
Maybe for Maymay and Dodong
If there is someone who ask how old are you you say you still TEENthy plus, it asked what does the plus mean you say “a few years ago”.  If the will ask a question again you avoid it
I also hope beh! Like full support
I excited to next audition
We really love you Queen Regine
hahaha baby me too I will also do that before I will experience it
Is the 500k tweet has not reached yet?
Team abroad beh mouth open! Hahaha I hope team house will upload an update so we can follow through
What is it I don’t have a third gadget for BPHX hahaha
Beshy Engr. Will now go abroad
Queen Regine is here again
Watching TV is really tiring... I seen bullshit candidate... Sarah G why? 
The situation drastically change, I don’t know where to start, hahaha
Watch all the comeback, dance practice and guestings in their variety show (ex: Weekly idol, Running Man). Also download V app
or that four hmm picked or if I was task to do it then the other four voted by the people?
I watch this because of James
You crazy Queen Regine
I will watch for sister Moi
The graphics is so good. It is not terribly made. Good!
I told you go ask for teach to mumsh speak tagalog so you can always relate 
what
hahaha
I am Angel beautiful Pie
It want this also
Wahh I laugh at the end part hahaha
what
legit laugh hahaha
it better than LouDre, Alex visited.
You are really are different Kizshaa you cant be affected by g-force. You a singer! You are really unique, my Idol hahaha
yes! They deserve it
jkiss hahahaha
It really is glorious that my parents watch this and they liked it
Hey the first auditionee is really nice gosh starting Idol Philippines with a bang!
I said I want you to buy something for me
It is me o the Live steam does not work in iWantTv
I will talk to him! I will asked him where does he got his shameless face. Hahaha
The tagline is only one asked to be a trend by a glorious commend give by OFC of James Jusme. For James tagline but for the reformed girlfriend hahaha
hahaha also
that reaction of Moira about depression
Hey Oryang is not the one at fault about the deaths of the animals
Why is it not acapella?
Push
It the scene over when the police father looks at the sand? What will happen if there was a child there... then it was Sarah?
you good
Pinoys are really amazing
I also they will bring it out because it is been a long time
Go tell us the story, us people who can’t watch so we can have something to tweet
Brother don’t make us cry later please
I’m no in the mood. Huhu by i need to tweet
James Reid is so lax. Very limited vocabulary
there it is back from the commercial
I am beggarly asking for a wife in our neighborhood
Queen Regine is now trending woah
Their first episode is wonderful. 
Iking bat
Try hang out in YouTube if you are not busy there you will all my hardwork hahaha
it is the week of resurrection hmmm so how are we fellow dead inside?
Sprayed the frustration sibling: it the resurrection now... me:
"Explosions in Colombo."
I’m team replay i just got home 
It is beautiful! Happy Easter!
Guys I’m at work and today is the Idol Philippines and I can’t watch it, you can see me take a picture of me hahaha I didn’t join
Idol Philippines is really solid it is like the American Idol. It has the same good vibes good job ABS-CBN
Don’t go first in the episode it just started
Here is my niece why I was watching
Why is the a need for a sad backstory if you want to audition?
Hey Edward you are really focus hahaha
Please don’t be like that! Ilda is better than Noel hahaha Queen Regine 
what
The story is good, i am sure that i will constantly watch this every sunday
Kathry and Daniel you used the nme ay and Jared is in the picture
When you are with the whole troop in Idol Philippines audition hahaha Queen Regine
Sister I love you.. did you know that we are blushing in your presene... aiee love you Queen
Idol Philippines is handsome
April 21 Sunday/ Sonntag 2019/ Easter Sunday/ week of resurrection/ 
I am irritation by the sheep mentality of the people in the land of Oryang. To the point of murder. Ridiculous it is in the year 2001
Lets be diligent, not one will be left out
Hey! Why do you call me Sister! Hahaha
Yes I watch PBB before and seen their mischievousness :) I am finished in the official Uploads. Because the live streams are incomplete
For Mm and Ed
Since it is again favor of Louie Andrada... They will make it a talk show
It is like the TNT, the VTR backstories
sweet.. so it is suddenly lucky?
Sarah and Iking is complicated hays. Hahaha. Oryang will really not miscarriage.
I am a solid LouDre fan
It is the truth! I am really frustrated in the Sir Epi character. Hahaha!
what
Hey JK will watch the dance practice
hahaha
hahaha Vice is really crazy
True LouDre is really Different
Yup and their are suit with their jokes, rarely understood. Do you remember the Filipino grandfather of Aljun, I feel the same for him hahhaa
SBS
I don’t like him
Of course the favorite of Brother to be called in the confession room will be there.
New addiction for every Sunday
You just think, you are still thinking... huhuhu
Please notice the young who is mesmerize by your beauty
Brother is there no party for the sixteen housemates huhuhu
so crazy hahaha
maybe gone for supper
but the first audition was really great although his version is close to the original. But I do love him to sing more of country music, because there is really not much here.
Jan Luis is also unique. He brought the whole Barangay! It really made me happy because of the support. Gogogo Jan Luis. Good luck.
All people will judge you based on your appearance what you can only do here is you kindness of you heart If your heart is strong there is no comparison to you abilities and your clean hear and fulfilled life
Moira is so beautiful!
My James is also handsome
crap James is so handsome why is this like this?
ABSCBN why is there no signal of GMA in the tv plus? Is it because of the KMJS later?
Sisters!!! Queen Regine
I am mad and brother is now gone, hahaha
This is the moment you will see that Edward improving his acting skills 
I’m Team iWant later. I can’t watch
Can be leveled the twin in the end because of love.
I hope someone will bring a tablet of myphone that containt TV which shows AL then I can watch... hahaha
Please replace the stylish of Vice now!!! My God the outfit is chaka
that bonnet belongs to Edward. Hahaha
the man from the theaters makes me cry. Queen Regine
We are also ready to party... in twitter
It is possible Brother has many events and tricks it is hard to predict
The story is short and fast. Like a movie.  So beautiful. Please make it a Teleserye because it is different. We have a different dish in our table.
Commercial break of GAL on 6:35 then commercial break for Kambal, switches again to GAL wahahaha may this is possible!
I am confident that AshLance can make it to the golden 8 because they have a golden heart i mean green heart hahaha
It is me that will wipe with tissue hahaha cheret
It is just but I don’t bet with Brother. It is not his natural voice. He is going haywire. But yeah, maybe he deserve a chance. 
Nah, It is really you . Uuhhh
Did you Egg hunt earlier? How many eggs did you find Happy Easter Engr. The eggs broke, was not properly handle by Maogi
The shots is shala. I love it
I want to know on who is 00001 that Auditioned! Hahaha
not yet, later in nomination night
I also didn't watch but when someone told me I felt nervous
Ticklish eee :))) Yes to Queen Regine 
The second contestant is funny… hahaha 
As somebody pointed out, Ikingis a certified flyer haha
From IAGK to HKN. Hahaha
If I will be infront with Queen Regine I will need moral supprt of my whole clan hahahah Queen Regine
Cute 
If I will be finished carry hahaha I will hid it with Bajon 
Everyone make me vomit Queen Regine is life I am first in open compared to annoying hahaha
vice the one who judges it looks professional and the scene is a gay bar! Hahaha opinion tanks 
hahaha
you so crazy meme
what is it… hahaha
do we attack fellow hunters? Hahah you are my Sunshine
I will run near him even though I am afraid of bats. If that is how handsome hahaha
lets catch up. To does who didn't yet vote Karjon
I am super late.
Kambat is so wonderful and the cast is amazing
he is gone? Crap
hahaha
A minute release the dance practice as Iking
Fight Team HK flyers, there is a overtime. Bullshit stay safe as you go home. It is our to those who has curfew. Find your bosses. Hahaha
"To those who are depressed and feels loneliness… and who is thinking of ending their lives, please don't" - Juancho
I can't enter iWant… what is this!
Can I apply as sweat wiper ?
Dickhead
Top 4 for me, I see you again
I feel I am suited with jaluis hahaha
he said that he feel free when he transform to a bat
aw, he is the one who cried Queen Regine
There it is again, your laughter, It made me in love
Aye Queen Regine is so gorgeous
"Did you play in school?" "Yes" What hahahaha you're crazy ma
whore hahaha
Thought about Marian, we just got close but hehehe I also love her too hehehe she's so cute
How will we will get separated to lengthen the batch and increase the ratings of both side? Hahaha
My story has a wonderful twist
Christmas for our resurrection for us Catholocs. Because Jesus revives again
hahaha that reaction of Vice
I will study, yey
I feel the urge Regine. So cute!!
Happy Easter to those chinese hater!
hahaha Meme is amazing
You are the number one that I like in idol Philippines so beautiful 
Here is the start where I became a LouDre fan
I can be an endorser hahaha
Meme vice is gorgeous 
Is so beautiful, I want it to be everyday… It is lacking
hahaha brother is crazy cute hahaha God, It is a no.
Me, I'll admit I have anxiety. So hard. So hard to run away. But that was the truth. Find to those who can divert your attention. Beside God, Find something that can make you happy. Thank for being your confort zome bebe
wait James is really confused hahaha
The face of Queen Regine so cute hahaha let go there sometimes! Hahaha Queen Regine
Wooh lets make it 500k tweets up! Haha only char 4th spot and 10th spots 
lets go again hahaha. Flyers they said so fly always switching spot 
hahaha
The judgement and badmouthing to other will never be right 
Laugh trip of Vice hahaha. Don't be messy there, maybe you will hit someone who sit next to you if we discuss in height hahaha
It is possible that the 8 will not be included in the golden circles to be nominated? So who will get out and who will the the house player, maybe double eviction. Oh my God I'm so excited yet nervous. Lance you will be in the big 4, also Ashley
Thank you sir
haha Heime's head suddenly hurts
fuck hahaha
LT Idol Ph hahaha
hays ahahah Narcy will again cry for that
hahah oh 
You are right. Really alive because of LouDre.
Convo w/ hubby Me: I'm excited for MB for tomorrow Hubby: I will let you chose I will cose LouDre? Me: Both ( they just look at me  w/) 
dance practice
Are you okay brother? Jajaja
What is that Paps! Hahaha 
Shit! I was surprise! It is so flat! Hahaha! Queem Regine
James is crazy and his eyes. Hahaha.
Lightning is ugly
Waahh… I thought you are so good.
Aye is it nothing? hahaha I miss you Kaye
Who has a extra tv there please LBC it to me hahaha crap I want too watch 
the armpit also haha
Waah you so beautiful Sister Moira
hahaha
hahaha what is that
We are now going huhu
That second contestant knows how to sing but not funny hahaha Queen Regine
Hey Tagalog is the song of brother! Goodluck papsh! Hahaha
game of brother number 2. game to Vice's joke
James said he had a headache how
Now watching
crazy
We are now going huhu
hahaha
Papi got an headache hahaha 
My jaye wolf is so handsome 
did you get a headache judge James?? Hahaha
Warning
I will watch this every Sunday 
There Just US has UD. Thank you sister
hey what is that hahaha Queen Regine
I feel that Sarah is the real daughter to Oryang hahaha
Turn off the TV IP is so boring, waste of electricity 
Happy Easter Sen
Is this just his joke? Hahaha
It that really the song or there is no tone? I'm not familiar to this song. Queen Regine
James while I resist my laughter so cute!!!
It's a song composed duing their camp. So it must be AshLance
They can't hear themselves - Queen Regine 
your face James hahaha
My baby James is handsome 
Brother they might be eme there
Hays I hope you will gather you musical prowess to other judges. Regine, wooohh!!!
Whore of a mother ABS-CBN is the one who increase the ratings to they remove the GMA in tv plus
hey you have a urge to James hahaha 
Let get ready Pechers!!
James had a headache hahaha 
What is it TV Plus. Why today, it will malfunction. You're bullshit! Queen Regine
Just you two will be enough
Wakla is straight to the point 
The heat is intense!! It make my head hurt and cause high blood Happy Easter!
the first contestant is lit
there's Vice go Mamah
If only there is a livestream hahaha because it is just one ride on a airplane, less than 3 hours trip I didn't get to go to watch
Why is it like that? Hahaha Queen Regine 
what is that voice, gone out of tone
I hope Vice will separate himself from his character in showtime because idol is different from showtime
it the problem is within the TV? Why is it seems the wide angle of the judges seems washed out
Ok to all those I have read, later in team replay
Their Faces hahaha
It is so cute Queen Regine
Your so worthy is the meme of James haha cute 
It human nature, in our world there are many judgemental people. Sad but true 
When I'm excited for the next to perform because he is from batangas. LT amazing
It is possible but they are in love each other both Sarah and Iking, they will fight for it and also the curse will be gone in the end. Hehehe it must be happy ending my love life there is no happy ending prove in iking and Sarah I will really riot. Huhu
You laught really mamsh Queen Regine
Pro yeah, let prepare to vote for ash if ever
I said that I will treat a cheese cake because it reached 100
If this enter the Call of the House he will be accepted
The reaction of James is cute
hahahaha
Wow Amazing hahaha Moral Lesson!!
Wow did Queen Regine know what she is talking about
I was shock when Iking fly
They can’t hear themselves – Queen Regine
Yunhyeong, Jinhwan and Bobby speaking Filipino during 11.11.18 iKON in Manila instagram post: Bobby’s “We love you”
I laugh hard to the face of papsh :((( 
He can’t hear himself Queen Regine
Normal topic is what will be asked later for boyband Joao in Boyband Ph
Like Sandra!!!
Sarah is the child of Oryan hahah
What time do they will upload it to iWant?
hahaha
hahaha
Yes until midnight if allowed hahaha
Seems like brother just bring false hope to batch 3 which the true housemates. Really?
Brother is crazy hahah
Moira may be the sweetest judge!
Queen Regine is powerful, are you a yes? Hahaha
you can count on it maam
James , Moira, What will happen now>
Ate laugh really hard hahaha
Maybe that why he wear a bonnet because the miracle is there waiting to be uncovered
Can we do it, just believe heheh
James ‘s papi hay
Me too you’re not alone huhuhu there you disturb me while watching 
What can we do it is really lacking
hehe!
the joke of Vice is really lit to my nephew... hahaha
commercials Idol Philippines hehehe
Me to.. votes? Hahaha
there, that what judge Vice is. Frank but it is the truth. For the benefit of the contestant 
Hay James is handsome
Brother’s tone has gone haywire ahaha
Are you a Yes? Hahaha Queen Regine
It is because hahaha please just tell us the you like someone from their camp hahaha
Me to? Thanks!
Thanks Roasted Chicken Thigh
Queen Regine is scary. Ack
Thank you for joining
Your laugh is contagious sister
Cute, you are so cute
This person from Batangas! There is no mistake where he came from because he has the same size to a person I know who come from the same place, Size of Brother Ogie
“You need more practice” - James to John Luis
hahaha Dan really gives up hahaha
Where
Whore of a mother the judges in the Idol PH is really good Vice and James are a legit singer
I agree, you are so fragile
My eyes is stuck to Moira
Sister laughing hard? Hahaha Queen Regine
I feel that father is guilty but i need it hahha
RV is just being sweet. The comment is non-offending Queen Regine
Meaning
It is really stressful. It is you who told that he is famous.
did you do you assignment you have a perfect score to Dreamscape PH and Edward as Iking
Please follow so our tweet will be counted. 
Even if you will not be Daniel. We love you because you are you
Ay did they really just win? We thought we can’t get any not even one
It is now trending. Hahaha. We are excited
Felix there hahaha
Please don’t be like that. Lets avoid that kind of a twist
I hope I can do it hahhaa
Hey people tweet. Maybe you will be turned into a bat.
You cute Moira
whore of a mother Vice hahahaha
yeah... they just said no Queen Regine
It this a new update? Wait! 
truee I hope Jem will be famous after this because he really deserve it, he is really good at composing and singing 
Too flat crazy Queen Regine
What is this judges in the Idol Philippines, Regine is the only one with comment that have meaning
You bring life again into my 6 year dormant heart.
The first contestant is good while the second is just knowledgable . Hihi.. Queen Regine
Except the NCT and WAYV, the tweet from sister Paula is what makes me happy eh hahaha
Happy Easter Brother Bong
The start was different, like an ending. It can be can be compared to my favorite teleserye “We Both”
he has no melody said by Vice Queen Regine
lacking but excited for the next episode because have saw Iking and Sarah
adobe, Vinegar fish soup, humba
Idol Ph seems boring it is a good thing that Vice was there
Whahaha Author is UD
Better luck next time John Luis. We have many laugh
glad to be invited by the teoxon’s. For the second time, I feel the presence of the Lord more huhu
My boyfriend is handsome
Vice gone it straight, eh hahahaha
the face of Jame Reid really determine even though this is just hte start
Vice hahaha
idol Ph is crazy hahaha
Let just tweet guyz so the Sarah and Iking will become big
Oh God their story is amazing! Queen Regine
Moira the cutest judge! Rawr
Hey the his wife
what
The mean is really extreme
I feel sleepy with Moira
Please tweet now
Up next, the wife of Jan Luis Queen Regine
So cute hahaha love love 
Crazy there are in one team
Brother is really brave!!! He sings like that in front of Queen! Lols
don’t
So good! So beautiful!
Vice is really amazing, he even notice the shoes
Last 3 
There we will see the miracle of the bonnet hahahah
crazy they are husband and wife
Happy Easter! Thank you for buying hahhaa
It really make me gv
What will happen in PBB later??
SBS Part 2
true hahaha
Ha? they are so you and they are married. Crazy!
hahaha
so they are husband and wife 
Woah. So they are husband and wife. Amazing! Queen Regine
The two really carried
Wait for iWant
No Offense! Meme delivered it quite harshly 
Whore of a mother wife? How old are you?
Crazy hahahaha
Lesson dance practice
The laugh of Mother Regine brings joy
Oh My his wife hahaha
Wife? Hahaha
Really proud for Jem, he became strong.
Hey Mr.Sometimes has a backup, his wife! Hahaha
Waiting for the bill in Miss Occidental (Oroquieta City)
What? I am also shocked
They all deserve it
what hahaha
Lets wait for the Summer ID station now people. After Idol PH
If this is what will happen, I hope people from camp like Ashley, Lance, Jem and Gwen and in the BNK will be Sheena, Shoichi, Jyzha and Tan please!
Same face of sister Elaine ohh!!
The married couple that audition in Idol PH is really good
huhuhu iKONIC
that sister’s expression Queen Regine
I have a new anime the I search from reading manga hahaha it is Christmas again the resurrection again. Lets be sinnner again Christ
hahaha... He had a headache.
What! So they are married crazy. 
Oh My God! They are a married couple!
Why is the audition not in acappella in Idol Philippines? It is weird.
Brother is lit he already have a wife! James lets keep up! 
What?? Is this serious?? hahaha it real shocked me!
The baby is better in acting than the person I know. Hahaha
Wow! Is this real hahaha
Is the reason why there is no live stream because the eight from BNK is already goe? Hmmm
Think positive about AshLance surviving PBB 8 Golden Circle
Queen you are really beautiful but I am more mesmerize by your laughter it is contagious
Hey the way that guy sings is so cute
the reaction of Songbird when she said that she was part of a choir
Me too
Right. It is really is a must that the first support come from the family. Because even if the world reject you, you will always know that you have a family that will never leave you. After all they are the one who know you the best.
I watched it. Hahaha
SO they are a married couple. Lol!
I suddenly cringed hahaha
Then she is also out of tone hahaha
I hope all have a  Daniel Padilla
I am tire in laughing to those who audition in Idol PH. Hahaha tone gone haywire hahaha
Seems like it is really embarrassing to auditionin front of Queen Regine! Hahaha they will tell you the truth! Hahah!
Is there a live stream of Idol PH except for iWant? 
Married really? Or is it just a joke Ay they are so young? I am now okay with it hahaha
What will come first Rated K or  PBB? Oh God I am really nervous 
The comrade of Zandro is the one who killed the animals
I am not in the mood earlier, but now Laugh trip ahahah!
It is so short. It is not possible to do it by twos.
If you watch American Idol, backstories were really part of the show, especially during auditions. But Idol Philippines shows a little bit more.
Aye Queen Regine is a Waifu
Maybe hahaha
hahaha irritating
It okay don’t. It is now possible to compare our Edward to a Tagalog drama
What was that hahaha
The revelation is crazy
Moira is really cute in Idol PH
I wonder how many epision is the auditions in Idol PH
Mayor Queen Regine have many tips I love it
Why is it painful if James is the one who says no hehehe
James got a headache hahaha pitiful our daddy 
Oh God it is just the start and you are starting with an explosion
I have search regrading about Golden Circles. I didn’t read anything about top 8. don’t surprise us like that
HA? Wife? Ha?
Is it just me that got my mouth shut if Moira and James comments? It Okay. I will get used to this.
Roller coaster ride to the happening in live stream, brother! Is this what you will show us in the teaser huhuu. We can’t wait for tonight’s episode
Oh my gas
Hey what is this Kambat? Hahaha
hahaha mads are not pitiful, hahaha
I am OJ with Idol PH
hahaha mads are not pitiful, hahaha
There no GMA in TV Plus?
that right, Idol PH is airing today?
this Idol PH
what
Sorry John Luis, you are not in the right tone. Oh wow! The next auditioner is his wife.
For each of your smile and laughter
You plot twist is okay hahaha
How to be like James Reid?
the bat is really handsome
His head hurts. Hahaha
hahaha my mother said that brother contestant is still a baby boy he was looking for a wife. Hahaha
Be Ready Team AshLance prepare the cellphones and loads
We love you until the end
I laugh in this bread hahaha
it flew that is why it is gone, it flew to Hong Kong... hehe we’ll be watching again next week
You just thought of it they have already copied... charot hahaha
why are you forcing a boyfriend that have no job are you craz
why so handsome huhuhu
Long
Why don’t you close up Moira?
I laught hard to the audition in Idol PH
hahaha. Can’t handle tis!
James is really cute huhu
Hays Idol Philippines what happened? Hahaha
That is why there is no live stream for two day because of brother’s big surprise later.
Brother just make TellemJay chinese oh God hahaha
Attractive
While watching Idol PH Me: James Reid has a beautiful eyes Mama: You’re right he is my crush.. Me:.... Inner Me: Wow.. haha obviously even before he was his idol
Both I think. But I want to believe in Sarah will help Iking in seeking revenge for her family and also for the bullying of Iking. And they will create may baby bats together. Charot. Hahaha
I am really am shocked that they are married... hahaha
look at him! Hahaha papi it is okay
It seems like horrifying for James Reid to be a Thesis Panel good look but really straight forward
There it is
Guys! Again, Emojis, number and double tags are not allowed. Let return from the old smileys ;)
I made me crazy! Sister girls is nene hahahaha
How many week is this audition. One auditionee one commercial gap
Songbird is the only one that can excited me in this, the type that you are seem to kneel down for you just to reach the show hahaha
I love the braids of Queen Regine. Powerful to teenager
Sorry I can’t watch the teaser... 8 will be left by brother?
The face of James when brother sings.
Me too, there are many small account who added me... do like it??? i want it
Pin
Sorry But Jayme is really handsome
James Laugh hard. Please stop hahaha 
I laughing because of Regine, because of her laugh
Energy of Moira. I felt that. Amazing
“Deserving” - very Batch 2, auto nomination may not in the golden circle 
so they also have posted dance practice with boy with love
panying is a really good actor. He is the one who act in the role of dugong in Marina
In Photots: Meet the Cast of Mysticism of Kambat
hahaha
AL will start first! We will Multitasking 101 again next week, Oh God hahaha
So cute
hahaha true
I was nervous my countrymen for a moment
because I am still waching Birth good luck to me
hahaha we are really shocked in Idol PH, it is better to teleserye
you so beautiful I missed you more.
I feel the reject of sister Moira
It is again Regine, why are you laughing at the second contestant, you reaction is really rude, the voice might be ugly, but he deserve respect.
Really Dandan the wtf that you given me are all spg hahaha you really are the one hahahah. I yet read one hahaha
you as so cute Regine!!!
Sis? Sister Moira is so beautiful. Even though she is a judge, what she said is really inspiring
Woah! I am really surprise the judges are really straight forward in Idol Philippines but it is a good thing. No sugar coating.
Every scene is exciting!! Really catches my attention to what next will happen. Thank you, Dreamscape!
He really did take note bravo hehehe
They said Happy Easter paka. Will delete later.
For heavens sake, Easter Sunday
Grandpa Haime can’t hide his expression...
Let high five team replay
My Aunt watch while i hear. Actually, you are right
We are still not in the trendlist
They said they are a married couple please don’t trick me
he can’t hear himself – Regine Oh God brother can’t handle it hahaha Queen Regine
you are are really smug then you are call by the kid you are still naive. Nice one, Jisoo-yah!
This is the first from a long time to watch ABS-CBN again, it is all because of James Reid
so enjoyable woah
What time is the PBB in weekedns, I am hesitant if it is after or before Rated K
I will now go and take a bath
Is it just me? Hahaha
I will just watch for a bit Idol Philiippines
Rita is that you you are so beautiful
Wow. Searching for father 
the insult for Regine is that her fellow judges have no credential to judge. It is acceptable for Moira and James, but Vice? It is a no no.
It is really just Batch one  
hahaha it is just a bread
hahaha installments hahaha
I really want a Regine to join? Hahah It is just me
Good luck and God Bless for the TS that taught about the tag We support the Team house/online
Who can easily move on the voice of Moira
I really miss Moira in TV
It is now Idol Philippines!!! we will now shut the tv down! Hahaha
Ha
Until the end
It was big
hahaha cute sometimes 
I have LSS to the song SOMETIMES. Hahaha! Queen Regie
Luh, so today is the airing of Idol Philippines. Why did netflix introduce me to it earlier? There should be any problem
Wait! The pre-schooler is his wifre? Maybe paps will be inspire to marry kiddos!
Go more sabotage... there is signal for GMA in tv plus. It is all you doing!
Why is the light a little bit strong? I mean... It is really bad for the eyes because it is too bright
Beatidul Jessa is busy, what will happen the people here. 
Hahaha... I waited for the reactions, you are so cute
Chart-topping artist and the voice of now. Prove yourself Moira the you can be stopped to be a world-class singing idol
What is it like taht?
hahaha I want to be all hahaha crazy she is still a baby girl she is the one hahaha
the laughter of Sister Moira so contagious
So Sassy I learned something from mami
So much bread hahaha
Official our girl is now trending worldwide!!! After bts tweet referencing halsey, you are really amazing Halsey... so painful
The comment is also amazing
hahaha please tell the ABS the they from team James will retweet. Hahaha
I really take it to my heart
He is always the finale. Maybe there is a meaning to the others there
Moira it is better if you are the host my God
You right, I didn’t notice? Queen Regine
So suddenly
Woah! So fresh
So much fun when baby Neil says something
The story is beautiful but it lacking
You should also tweet
he is now at the dorm
Marian is beautiful. Dingdong is handsome. Zia is beautiful, Ziggy is handsome. Gracia-Dantes; family goals their blood is so beautiful
Okay same. Idol Philippines investing and capitalizing from the backstories of the constestants. How did they pass through if they have no capability to sing. Well that is reality-talent search for drama
Kuwait hahaha
But his reaction is really a laugh trip hahaha
I am more excited for the next week
It there no changes there mads, always the same, hahaha
hahaha good!!!
amazing, I am super proud for them
the pet of Sarah is cuties ditsy eh they got it from her so cute hahaha
Chill from retweeting, and like Sister Moira! Even though I am not a contestant it also made me cry blushing level 99999
Hey It is really stressful. Fight on Ashley don’t give up on you dreams. I think she had watched this episode
Jan Luis really is pushy hahaha
If Queen Regine will join the voice PH, it is certain will go to her to be their coach!
hahaha my God I really want to pinch James hahaha
Please just try it hehehe maybe it is just a conversation in the backstage with dragging
I really happy that we are active now Dreahscape ah! When “you are my ghost” moments I really miss that time why are you so quiet why is it?
you right! It is forbidden to be fragile. Become loyal and stay supporting until the end. We will show our love for KARJON. The fight that we have start is the fight we can finish. Fight on guys!
You are so cute there!
Okay thanks my God I am nervous it reaches BNK 
So good right? Amazing! That is why they are amazing singers 
Idol Philippines is airing now! The host is so handsome
Please just try it hehehe maybe it is just a conversation in the backstage with dragging
there is no problem there, it the person who bring his faith. Happy Easter!
Simon Cowell is not a singer but he is also a judge for singing show. I don’t know why are you so mad about the other judges
like a jerk but argh got goosebumps i don’t know then i was really hot what happening! It is really hot in here why
hahaha yes
Just be ready guy. We need cellphone load if ever there is a nomination later. 
is it near 500K?
you all are whore of a mother :(
do your head hurt Tellemjaye? Hahahaha
i’m also with the choir, and I’m in not in tine. Hahaha but still, I love meme Vice
finally there is a dance practice of boy with love. I waited for this
it is the same cute with the baby bat. Like an angel! I really my stress every time it screeches/
I really that it is lacking i really want to listen Regine to comment so she can give advise to singers like me. Ehem. Hahaha
It is really beautiful and gorgeous people related to Marian and Dingdong
Maybe if meme is not a good comedian you can also be an investigator you notice the shoes’
Amazing they are really are a married couple hehehe I hope she has a beautiful voice brother is really pitiful hahaha it is from choir maybe he is just nervous
You really did said it straight – Regine on Vice
Talented AshLacne for PBB8Golen Circles please!!! debt from the outside 
where is your luch box why didn’t you bring it, so Meme Vice
I didn’t know that while watching I can be nervous the like I was to one in front of them auditioning sorry
hahaa What is that?
I don’t know about them. They made it like a movie. Hahah then they also told me mm was there hehe
Joao is the one who introduced to facts to James! Oww my Heart!!
Thank you sir
it this not on youtube
My boss seems to have a plan to audition
hahaha crazy
Oh God the 4 judges are so horrid, there are not fit to judge. The forced it
The is not noticable
okay let him rest hahaha Queen Regine
We are not in the trending list even the tagline is gone
why is there a wink? What was that?
For idol is authentic and is not a copy – Moira
Fucked bwahaha Jerk 
I hope, there will be follow up seasons for Idol Philippines and also it will be a successful as the last Idol franchise in the Philippines
